
  
**[cheat.sh](https://github.com/chubin/cheat.sh) provides access to community-
driven cheat sheets and snippets for Linux/UNIX commands and many programming
languages, using various interfaces.**  
**  
** **It can be used in a web browser, from the command line (using curl, or
its dedicated command line client for Linux or Windows), and as a plugin for
Vim, Emacs, Visual Studio Code, Sublime Text and IntelliJ Idea, so you can
search and insert a code snippet without leaving the code editor / the command
line.**  
  
For its cheat sheets, the tool makes use of community-driven
[sources](https://github.com/chubin/cheat.sh#cheat-sheets-sources) like [TLDR
pages](https://tldr.sh/), [Learn X in Y
minutes](https://learnxinyminutes.com/), StackOverflow and others, as well as
its own repository.  
  
While it does have its own cheat sheet repository too, the project is actually
concentrated around the creation of a unified mechanism to access well
developed and maintained cheat sheet repositories.  
  
The tool is developed by Igor Chubin, also known for its [console-oriented
weather forecast](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2018/07/display-weather-
forecast-in-your.html) service [wttr.in](http://wttr.in/), which can be used
to retrieve the weather from the console using only cURL or Wget.  
  
It's worth noting that cheat.sh is not new. In fact it had its initial commit
around May, 2017, and is a very popular repository on GitHub. But I personally
only came across it recently, and I found it very useful, so I figured there
must be some Linux Uprising readers who are not aware of this cool gem.  
  

## cheat.sh features & more

  

<img src='data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAPHx8AAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAQAICRAEAOw=='
width='640' height='384' alt='cheat.sh tar example'
/>[](https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-Q3Ilv4EGUKE/XSx55KxAT7I/AAAAAAAADC4/1_euCYb-
dgQw3XUYKyvRCl4OlASgBCSEwCLcBGAs/s1600/cheatsh-tar.png)

  
cheat.sh major features:  
  

  * **Supports 58[programming languages](https://github.com/chubin/cheat.sh#programming-languages-cheat-sheets), several DBMSes, and more than 1000 most important UNIX/Linux commands**
  * **Very fast, returns answers within 100ms**
  * **Simple curl / browser interface**
  * **An optional command line client (cht.sh) is available, which allows you to quickly search cheat sheets and easily copy snippets without leaving the terminal**
  * **Can be used from code editors, allowing inserting code snippets without having to open a web browser, search for the code, copy it, then return to your code editor and paste it. It supports Vim, Emacs, Visual Studio Code, Sublime Text and IntelliJ Idea**
  * **Comes with a special stealth mode in which any text you select (adding it into the selection buffer of X Window System or into the clipboard) is used as a search query by cht.sh, so you can get answers without touching any other keys**

  
The command line client features a special shell mode with a persistent
queries context and readline support. It also has a query history, it
integrates with the clipboard, supports tab completion for shells like Bash,
Fish and Zsh, and it includes the stealth mode I mentioned in the cheat.sh
features.  
  
The web, curl and cht.sh (command line) interfaces all make use of
<https://cheat.sh/> but if you prefer, **you can[self-host
it](https://github.com/chubin/cheat.sh#self-hosting). **  
  
It should be noted that each editor plugin supports a different feature set
(configurable server, multiple answers, toggle comments, and so on). You can
view a feature comparison of each cheat.sh editor plugin on the [Editors
integration](https://github.com/chubin/cheat.sh#editors-integration) section
of the project's GitHub page.  
  
**Want to contribute a cheat sheet? See the cheat.sh guide on[editing or
adding](https://github.com/chubin/cheat.sh#how-to-contribute) a new cheat
sheet.**  
  
**Interested in bookmarking commands instead? You may want to give[Marker, a
command bookmark manager for the
console](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2018/10/bookmark-terminal-commands-and-
easily.html), a try.**  
  

## cheat.sh curl / command line client usage examples

  
**Examples of using cheat.sh using the curl interface** (this requires having
curl installed as you'd expect) from the command line:  
  
Show the `tar` command cheat sheet:  
  

    
    
    curl cheat.sh/tar

  
Example with output:  
  

    
    
    $ curl cheat.sh/tar
    # To extract an uncompressed archive:
    tar -xvf /path/to/foo.tar
    
    # To create an uncompressed archive:
    tar -cvf /path/to/foo.tar /path/to/foo/
    
    # To extract a .gz archive:
    tar -xzvf /path/to/foo.tgz
    
    # To create a .gz archive:
    tar -czvf /path/to/foo.tgz /path/to/foo/
    
    # To list the content of an .gz archive:
    tar -ztvf /path/to/foo.tgz
    
    # To extract a .bz2 archive:
    tar -xjvf /path/to/foo.tgz
    
    # To create a .bz2 archive:
    tar -cjvf /path/to/foo.tgz /path/to/foo/
    
    # To extract a .tar in specified Directory:
    tar -xvf /path/to/foo.tar -C /path/to/destination/
    
    # To list the content of an .bz2 archive:
    tar -jtvf /path/to/foo.tgz
    
    # To create a .gz archive and exclude all jpg,gif,... from the tgz
    tar czvf /path/to/foo.tgz --exclude=\*.{jpg,gif,png,wmv,flv,tar.gz,zip} /path/to/foo/
    
    # To use parallel (multi-threaded) implementation of compression algorithms:
    tar -z ... -> tar -Ipigz ...
    tar -j ... -> tar -Ipbzip2 ...
    tar -J ... -> tar -Ipixz ...

  
cht.sh also works instead of cheat.sh:  
  

    
    
    curl cht.sh/tar

  
Want to search for a `keyword` in all cheat sheets? Use:  
  

    
    
    curl cheat.sh/~keyword

  
List the Python programming language cheat sheet for `random list`:  
  

    
    
    curl cht.sh/python/random+list

  
Example with output:  
  

    
    
    $ curl cht.sh/python/random+list
    #  python - How to randomly select an item from a list?
    #  
    #  Use random.choice
    #  (https://docs.python.org/2/library/random.htmlrandom.choice):
    
    import random
    
    foo = ['a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e']
    print(random.choice(foo))
    
    #  For cryptographically secure random choices (e.g. for generating a
    #  passphrase from a wordlist), use random.SystemRandom
    #  (https://docs.python.org/2/library/random.htmlrandom.SystemRandom)
    #  class:
    
    import random
    
    foo = ['battery', 'correct', 'horse', 'staple']
    secure_random = random.SystemRandom()
    print(secure_random.choice(foo))
    
    #  [PÄ“teris Caune] [so/q/306400] [cc by-sa 3.0]

  
Replace `python` with some other programming language supported by cheat.sh,
and `random+list` with the cheat sheet you want to show.  
  
Want to eliminate the comments from your answer? Add `?Q` at the end of the
query (below is an example using the same /python/random+list):  
  

    
    
    $ curl cht.sh/python/random+list?Q
    import random
    
    foo = ['a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e']
    print(random.choice(foo))
    
    import random
    
    foo = ['battery', 'correct', 'horse', 'staple']
    secure_random = random.SystemRandom()
    print(secure_random.choice(foo))

  
For more flexibility and tab completion you can use cht.sh, the command line
cheat.sh client; you'll find instructions for how to install it further down
this article. **Examples of using the cht.sh command line client:**  
  
Show the `tar` command cheat sheet:  
  

    
    
    cht.sh tar

  
List the Python programming language cheat sheet for `random list`:  
  

    
    
    cht.sh python random list

  
There is no need to use quotes with multiple keywords.  
  
You can start the cht.sh client in a special shell mode using:  
  

    
    
    cht.sh --shell

  
And then you can start typing your queries. Example:  
  

    
    
    $ cht.sh --shell
    cht.sh> bash loop

  
If all your queries are about the same programming language, you can start the
client in the special shell mode, directly in that context. As an example,
start it with the Bash context using:  
  

    
    
    cht.sh --shell bash

  
Example with output:  
  

    
    
    $ cht.sh --shell bash
    cht.sh/bash> loop
    ...........
    cht.sh/bash> switch case

  
Want to copy the previously listed answer to the clipboard? Type `c`, then
press `Enter` to copy the whole answer, or type `C` and press `Enter` to copy
it without comments.  
  
Type `help` in the cht.sh interactive shell mode to see all available
commands. Also look under the [Usage
section](https://github.com/chubin/cheat.sh#usage) from the cheat.sh GitHub
project page for more options and advanced usage.  
  

## How to install cht.sh command line client

  
You can use cheat.sh in a web browser, from the command line with the help of
curl and without having to install anything else, as explained above, as a
code editor plugin, or using its command line client which has some extra
features, which I already mentioned. The steps below are for installing this
cht.sh command line client.  
  
If you'd rather install a code editor plugin for cheat.sh, see the [Editors
integration](https://github.com/chubin/cheat.sh#editors-integration) page.  
  
**1\. Install dependencies.**  
  
To install the cht.sh command line client, the `curl` command line tool will
be used, so this needs to be installed on your system. Another dependency is
`rlwrap`, which is required by the cht.sh special shell mode. Install these
dependencies as follows.  
  

  * Debian, Ubuntu, Linux Mint, Pop!_OS, and any other Linux distribution based on Debian or Ubuntu:

    
    
    sudo apt install curl rlwrap

  

  * Fedora:

    
    
    sudo dnf install curl rlwrap

  

  * Arch Linux, Manjaro:

    
    
    sudo pacman -S curl rlwrap

  

  * openSUSE:

    
    
    sudo zypper install curl rlwrap

  
The packages seem to be named the same on most (if not all) Linux
distributions, so if your Linux distribution is not on this list, just install
the `curl` and `rlwrap` packages using your distro's package manager.  
  
**2\. Download and install the cht.sh command line interface.**  
  
You can install this either for your user only (so only you can run it), or
for all users:  
  

  * Install it for your user only. The command below assumes you have a `~/.bin` folder added to your `PATH` (and the folder exists). If you have some other local folder in your `PATH` where you want to install cht.sh, change install path in the commands:

    
    
    curl https://cht.sh/:cht.sh > ~/.bin/cht.sh
    
    chmod +x ~/.bin/cht.sh

  

  * Install it for all users (globally, in `/usr/local/bin`):

    
    
    curl https://cht.sh/:cht.sh | sudo tee /usr/local/bin/cht.sh
    
    sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/cht.sh

  
If the first command appears to have frozen displaying only the cURL output,
press the `Enter` key and you'll be prompted to enter your password in order
to save the file to `/usr/local/bin`.  
  
**You may also download and install the cheat.sh command completion for Bash
or Zsh:**  
  

  * Bash:

    
    
    mkdir ~/.bash.d
    
    curl https://cheat.sh/:bash_completion > ~/.bash.d/cht.sh
    
    echo ". ~/.bash.d/cht.sh" >> ~/.bashrc

  

  * Zsh:

    
    
    mkdir ~/.zsh.d
    
    curl https://cheat.sh/:zsh > ~/.zsh.d/_cht
    
    echo 'fpath=(~/.zsh.d/ $fpath)' >> ~/.zshrc

  
Opening a new shell / terminal and it will load the cheat.sh completion.

######## Share This:

[__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/sharer.php?u=https://www.linuxuprising.com/2019/07/cheatsh-
shows-cheat-sheets-on-command.html&title=Cheat.sh Shows Cheat Sheets On The
Command Line Or In Your Code Editor "Facebook")
[__Twitter](https://twitter.com/share?url=https://www.linuxuprising.com/2019/07/cheatsh-
shows-cheat-sheets-on-command.html&title=Cheat.sh Shows Cheat Sheets On The
Command Line Or In Your Code Editor "Twitter")
[__Diaspora](https://sharetodiaspora.github.io/?url=https://www.linuxuprising.com/2019/07/cheatsh-
shows-cheat-sheets-on-command.html&title=Cheat.sh Shows Cheat Sheets On The
Command Line Or In Your Code Editor "Diaspora")
[__Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/submit?url=https://www.linuxuprising.com/2019/07/cheatsh-
shows-cheat-sheets-on-command.html&title=Cheat.sh Shows Cheat Sheets On The
Command Line Or In Your Code Editor "Reddit")
[__Telegram](https://telegram.me/share/url?text=Cheat.sh Shows Cheat Sheets On
The Command Line Or In Your Code
Editor&tags=&url=https://www.linuxuprising.com/2019/07/cheatsh-shows-cheat-
sheets-on-command.html "Telegram") [__WhatsApp](whatsapp://send?text=Cheat.sh
Shows Cheat Sheets On The Command Line Or In Your Code Editor
https://www.linuxuprising.com/2019/07/cheatsh-shows-cheat-sheets-on-
command.html "WhatsApp")

  * [](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2020/02/how-to-add-markdown-support-to-gedit.html "How To Add Markdown Support To Gedit Using `Markdown Preview` Plugin")

### [How To Add Markdown Support To Gedit Using `Markdown Preview`
Plugin](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2020/02/how-to-add-markdown-support-to-
gedit.html)

  * [](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2020/02/add-overlay-with-gpu-cpu-usage-and.html "Add An Overlay With GPU / CPU Usage And Temperature \(And More\) To Any Vulkan Game With MangoHud")

### [Add An Overlay With GPU / CPU Usage And Temperature (And More) To Any
Vulkan Game With MangoHud](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2020/02/add-overlay-
with-gpu-cpu-usage-and.html)

  * [](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2020/02/wintile-for-gnome-shell-windows-10-like.html "WinTile For GNOME Shell: Windows 10 Like Quarter Tiling \(Snapping\) With Super/Win + Arrow Keys Or Mouse")

### [WinTile For GNOME Shell: Windows 10 Like Quarter Tiling (Snapping) With
Super/Win + Arrow Keys Or
Mouse](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2020/02/wintile-for-gnome-shell-
windows-10-like.html)

  * [](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2020/02/cod-new-command-line-autocomplete.html "Cod: New Command Line Autocomplete Daemon For Bash and Zsh That Detects --help Usage")

### [Cod: New Command Line Autocomplete Daemon For Bash and Zsh That Detects
--help Usage](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2020/02/cod-new-command-line-
autocomplete.html)

Please post civil and on-topic comments. [Commenting
guidelines](https://www.linuxuprising.com/p/commenting-guidelines.html).

Empty

<img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
alt='Join the Uprising' />[](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2019/04/join-
uprising.html)  

## Recent Posts

  * [](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2020/03/ffmpegfs-is-fuse-based-filesystem-for.html "ffmpegfs Is A FUSE-Based Filesystem For Transcoding Video And Audio On The Fly When Opened")

### [ffmpegfs Is A FUSE-Based Filesystem For Transcoding Video And Audio On
The Fly When Opened](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2020/03/ffmpegfs-is-fuse-
based-filesystem-for.html)

  * [](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2020/03/new-features-and-changes-in-gnome-336.html "New Features And Changes In GNOME 3.36")

### [New Features And Changes In GNOME
3.36](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2020/03/new-features-and-changes-in-
gnome-336.html)

  * [](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2020/03/opensnitch-linux-application-firewall.html "OpenSnitch Linux Application Firewall Fork With Improvements And Bug Fixes")

### [OpenSnitch Linux Application Firewall Fork With Improvements And Bug
Fixes](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2020/03/opensnitch-linux-application-
firewall.html)

  * [](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2020/02/how-to-add-markdown-support-to-gedit.html "How To Add Markdown Support To Gedit Using `Markdown Preview` Plugin")

### [How To Add Markdown Support To Gedit Using `Markdown Preview`
Plugin](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2020/02/how-to-add-markdown-support-to-
gedit.html)

  * [](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2020/02/cast-to-tv-v12-chromecast-extension-for.html "Cast To TV v12 Chromecast Extension For GNOME Shell Adds Automatic Image Slideshow, Audio Only Transcoding, More")

### [Cast To TV v12 Chromecast Extension For GNOME Shell Adds Automatic Image
Slideshow, Audio Only Transcoding,
More](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2020/02/cast-to-tv-v12-chromecast-
extension-for.html)

<img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
alt='Join us on Telegram' />[](https://t.me/LinuxUprising)

  

<img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
alt='follow us on twitter' />[](https://twitter.com/LinuxUprising)

  

## Editor's Picks

  * [FFmpeg: Extract Audio From Video In Original Format Or Converting It To MP3 Or Ogg Vorbis](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2019/11/ffmpeg-extract-audio-from-video-in.html)
  * [3 Ways Of Installing Tor Browser On Linux (Ubuntu, Fedora, openSUSE, Etc.)](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2019/10/3-ways-of-installing-tor-browser-on.html)
  * [Fix `Username Is Not In The Sudoers File. This Incident Will Be Reported` On Debian](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2019/09/fix-username-is-not-in-sudoers-file.html)
  * [Install Oracle Java 13 On Ubuntu, Linux Mint Or Debian From APT PPA Repository](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2019/09/install-oracle-java-13-on-ubuntu-linux.html)
  * [How To Bind Mouse Buttons To Keyboard Keys Or Commands (Linux Using X11)](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2019/11/how-to-bind-mouse-buttons-to-keyboard.html)
  * [Create A Persistent Storage Live USB With Ubuntu, Linux Mint Or Debian (UEFI, >4GB Persistence Support)](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2019/03/create-persistent-storage-live-usb-with.html)
  * [How To Install DaVinci Resolve 16 Or 16.1 In Ubuntu, Linux Mint Or Debian (Generate DEB Package)](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2018/06/how-to-install-davinci-resolve-15-in.html)
  * [How To Change The GRUB Boot Order Or Default Boot Entry In Ubuntu, Linux Mint, Debian, Or Fedora With Grub Customizer](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2018/12/how-to-change-grub-boot-order-or.html)
  * [New Oracle Java 11 Installer For Ubuntu Or Linux Mint (Using Local Oracle Java .tar.gz)](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2019/06/new-oracle-java-11-installer-for-ubuntu.html)
  * [How To Fix `Could not get lock /var/lib/dpkg/lock - open (11 Resource temporarily unavailable)` Errors](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2018/07/how-to-fix-could-not-get-lock.html)
  * [How To Mount OneDrive In Linux Using Rclone (Supports Business And Personal Accounts)](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2018/07/how-to-mount-onedrive-in-linux-using.html)

## Linux Uprising

  * [About](https://www.linuxuprising.com/p/about.html)
  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.linuxuprising.com/p/privacy-policy.html)
  * [Terms of Service](https://www.linuxuprising.com/p/terms-of-use.html)
  * [Cookie Information](https://www.linuxuprising.com/p/cookie-policy.html)
  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.linuxuprising.com/p/privacy-policy.html)

Cookie Settings

## Follow by Email

|  
---|---  
  
## Blog Archive

Blog Archive March 2020 (3) February 2020 (14) January 2020 (13) December 2019
(14) November 2019 (18) October 2019 (13) September 2019 (17) August 2019 (11)
July 2019 (22) June 2019 (18) May 2019 (19) April 2019 (20) March 2019 (16)
February 2019 (17) January 2019 (21) December 2018 (15) November 2018 (24)
October 2018 (22) September 2018 (15) August 2018 (27) July 2018 (26) June
2018 (21) May 2018 (31) April 2018 (25) March 2018 (1)

  * [](https://feeds.feedburner.com/LinuxUprising "rss")
  * [](https://libranet.de/profile/linuxuprising "friendica")
  * [](https://twitter.com/linuxuprising "twitter")
  * [](https://t.me/LinuxUprising "telegram")
  * [](https://www.facebook.com/LinuxUprising/ "facebook")
  * [](https://www.reddit.com/r/LinuxUprising/ "reddit")

License: [reative Commons Attribution 4.0 International
License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) [Linux
Uprising](https://www.linuxuprising.com).  
The registered trademark LinuxÂ® is used pursuant to a sublicense from the
Linux Foundation, the exclusive licensee of Linus Torvalds, owner of the mark
on a worldÂ­wide basis.

__

<img
src='//pixel.quantserve.com/pixel/p-31iz6hfFutd16.gif?labels=Domain.linuxuprising_com,DomainId.131660'
width='1' height='1' alt='Quantcast' />

<img src='https://sb.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&c2=20015427&cv=2.0&cj=1' />

