Tmux with Powerline on Ubuntu - tutorial for beginners

<img
src='data:image/webp;base64,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'
alt='avatar' />

Borislav Hadzhiev

Last updated: Feb 28, 2021

<img
src='data:image/webp;base64,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'
alt='banner' />

Photo from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/photos/QPlTXC8RMc0)

## tmux #

 **Tmux** runs your window in a process that **isn't tied to the session**.
Which means that if you ssh to a server, launch tmux, execute commands and the
ssh **connection crashes** , the **process doesn't end** , you can just
**reconnect and continue** working in the same session.

## Installation and Initial config #

Let's start by installing **tmux** and **powerline** :

    
    
    Copied!
    
    sudo apt update
    
    sudo apt install tmux
    
    sudo apt install powerline -y
    
    # install the powerline fonts
    git clone https://github.com/powerline/fonts.git --depth=1
    cd fonts
    ./install.sh
    cd ..
    rm -rf fonts
    
    # edit the .tmux.conf file
    
    # add the powerline status bar to tmux
    # edit the tmux config file and paste the below lines in it
    vim ~/.tmux.conf
    
    # enable the powerline status bar
    run-shell 'powerline-config tmux setup'
    
    # DON'T paste this line in, if you DON'T want vim keybindings
    # Set tmux mode to vi (default is emac)
    set-window-option -g mode-keys vi
    

## Some default tmux shortcuts #

The default **prefix** for tmux is `ctrl + b`. Most of the commands we type
will start with the prefix `ctrl + b` and be followed by another letter or
symbol, after the `ctrl + b`. When you see `%` it translates to `shift+5`, `"`
to `shift+'`, etc.

 **create a new session, specifying a name** :

    
    
    Copied!
    
    tmux new -s mySessionName
    

**create a new window in the session** , places you in **window 1**. The
windows are 0 index based. Notice the `*` next to the terminal name - it
indicates the active window.

    
    
    Copied!
    
    ctrl + b + c
    

**create pane to the right** :

    
    
    Copied!
    
    ctrl + b + %
    

**create pane to the bottom** :

    
    
    Copied!
    
    ctrl + b + "
    

**navigate between panes** , notice that the **active** pane has a green
outline around it:

    
    
    Copied!
    
    ctrl + b + `left-arrow` or `right-arrow` or `top-arrow` or `bottom-arrow`
    

**toggle focus a pane, hiding the other panes** \- simply press it again to
show/hide the other panes:

    
    
    Copied!
    
    ctrl + b + z
    

**move a pane to the right / left** :

    
    
    Copied!
    
    ctrl + b + }  # move pane to right
    ctrl + b + {  # move pane to left
    

**change layout between panes** , click it until you get the desired layout:

    
    
    Copied!
    
    ctrl + b + `space`
    

**resize a pane** , you have to **HOLD** `ctrl` while pressing the arrow keys:

    
    
    Copied!
    
    #hold ctrl
    ctrl + b + `left-arrow` or `right-arrow` or `top-arrow` or `bottom-arrow`
    

**close a pane** , alternatively you can type `exit` and press `Enter`:

    
    
    Copied!
    
    ctrl + d
    

**switch to window X** , in our case switch to window `0`. Notice the `*`
symbol next to the active window name in the bottom bar:

    
    
    Copied!
    
    # first create a new window
    ctrl + b + c
    
    # then switch between them
    ctrl + b + 0
    

**rename a window** , after pressing the key combination delete the old window
name and type in a new one:

    
    
    Copied!
    
    ctrl + b + ,
    

**close a window** , alternatively you can type `exit` and press `Enter`:

    
    
    Copied!
    
    ctrl + d
    

**detach a session** \- brings you back to your default terminal. **Saves the
tmux terminal** at the **state from when you detached**. These sessions are
preserved until the system is rebooted:

    
    
    Copied!
    
    ctrl + b + d
    

**list tmux detached sessions** :

    
    
    Copied!
    
    tmux ls
    

**attach to a previously detached session** \- notice that `0` is the default
session name, it might be different if you rename your session. This command
brings you back to the state from when you detached the terminal:

    
    
    Copied!
    
    tmux attach -t 0
    

**rename a session** \- notice that `0` is the default session name for
session at index 0. **You can also tab for command-name, flag, or session name
autocompletion.

    
    
    Copied!
    
    tmux rename-session -t 0 newSessionName
    

**delete a session** \- alternatively you can press `ctrl + d` inside an empty
session and it kill it.

    
    
    Copied!
    
    tmux kill-session -t sessionName
    

## End #

These are some of the base tmux commands. It helps you manage terminal state,
split terminal panes, create sessions inside of terminal windows.

You can detach from sessions and later on attach continuing where you left
off. Note that a system reboot will kill your sessions. However when you work
on a server, it's more common for your connection to the server to be dropped
for some reason (like network connectivity issues), than for the server to
completely crash and reboot.

I wrote [a book](https://bobbyhadz.com/blog/all-in-programming) in which I
share everything I know about how to become a better, more efficient
programmer.

<img
src='data:image/webp;base64,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'
alt='book cover' />[](https://bobbyhadz.com/blog/all-in-programming)

You can use the search field on my [Home Page](https://bobbyhadz.com/) to
filter through all of my articles.

[Share](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Tmux with Powerline on Ubuntu -
tutorial for beginners&url=https://bobbyhadz.com/blog/tmux-powerline-
ubuntu&via=bobbyhadz)[Share](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://bobbyhadz.com/blog/tmux-
powerline-ubuntu)[Share](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https://bobbyhadz.com/blog/tmux-powerline-
ubuntu)[Share](https://reddit.com/submit?url=https://bobbyhadz.com/blog/tmux-
powerline-ubuntu&title=Tmux with Powerline on Ubuntu - tutorial for
beginners&selftext=true)[Share](https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?u=https://bobbyhadz.com/blog/tmux-
powerline-ubuntu&t=Tmux with Powerline on Ubuntu - tutorial for beginners)

<img
src='data:image/webp;base64,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'
alt='author avatar' />

### Borislav Hadzhiev

Web Developer

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/bobbyhadz)[GitHub](https://github.com/bobbyhadz)[Linkedin](https://linkedin.com/in/borishadzhiev)

SUPPORT ME : )

<img
src='data:image/webp;base64,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'
alt='buy me a coffee' />[](https://bobbyhadz.com/blog/all-in-programming)

[](https://bobbyhadz.com/blog/all-in-programming "My book")

[About](https://bobbyhadz.com/about)

[Contacts](https://bobbyhadz.com/contacts)

[Policy](https://bobbyhadz.com/privacy-policy)

[Terms & Conditions](https://bobbyhadz.com/terms-and-conditions)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/bobbyhadz)[GitHub](https://github.com/bobbyhadz)[Linkedin](https://linkedin.com/in/borishadzhiev)

Copyright © 2022 Borislav Hadzhiev

Search for posts

0

.........

.........

.........

.........

.........

.........

.........

.........

.........

.........

.........

.........

.........

.........

.........

.........

.........

.........

