





















































* Home
* Learning
* Videos
* Clothing
*
  o [Type here to search...]


   BASH_Programming


Bash Echo Examples

4 years ago
by Fahmida_Yesmin
Multiple built-in functions exist in bash to print the output into the
terminal. ‘echo’ is one of the most used commands to print text or string data
into the terminal or another command as input or a file. This command has some
options that can be used with this command for special purposes. The uses of
‘echo’ command are described in this tutorial by using different examples.

Syntax:

echo [ OPTION(S) ] [ STRING ]

Options:


Option   Description
-n       Omit newline from the output.
-e       Enable the function of backslash(/) character.
-E       Disable the function of backslash(/) character.
–versioDisplay the version information
–help  Display help messages related to the uses of this command


Example-1: Using the `echo` command without any option

`echo` command can be used without any option. `echo` command of the following
script is used to print a simple text,  ‘Learn bash programming from
LinuxHint.com’.
$ echo "Learn bash programming from LinuxHint.com"
The following output will appear after running the script.

Example-2: Using `echo` command with -n option

‘echo’ command is used with ‘-n’ option in the following script. The new line
is omitted from the output for this option.
$ echo -n "Python is an interpreted high-level programming language"
The following output will appear after running the script.

Example-3: Using `echo` command with -e option

‘echo’ command is used with ‘-e’ option in the following script. For this, the
function of backslash(\) is enabled and the output is generated by adding ‘tab’
space where ‘\t’ is used in the string.
$ echo -e "Perl\tis\ta\tpowerful\tand\tportable\tlanguage"
The following output will appear after running the script.

Example-4: Using `echo` command with -E option

‘echo’ command is used with ‘-E’ option in the following script. This option
disables the function of backslash(/). The new line(\n) used in the text will
not work for the following command.
$ echo -E "I\nlike\nbash\programming"
The following output will appear after running the script.

Example-5: Using variable in `echo` command

The value of the variable can be printed with other string in the `echo`
command by placing the variable in the text. $price variable is used in the
following `echo` command. But one thing you should remember when using the
variable in the echo command, that is you must enclose the variable within
double quotation(“) to read the value of the variable by `echo` command. If
single quotation(‘) is used in the echo command then the value of the variable
will not be parsed and the variable name will be printed as output.
$ price="\$100"
$ echo 'The price of this book is $price'
$ echo "The price of this book is $price"
The following output will appear after running the script.

Example-6: Using ‘\v’ in `echo` command  

‘\v’ is used to print the output vertically. The following `echo` command will
print each word of the text, “Linuxhint is a Linux based blog site” vertically.
$ echo -e "Linuxhint\v is \v a \v linux \v based \v blog \v site."
The following output will appear after running the script.

Example-7: Using ‘\c’ in `echo` command

‘\c’ is used to omit any part of the text. The following echo command will
print, “Enrich your Linux knowledge from Linuxhint” by omitting the part
tutorials and newline.
$ echo -e "Enrich your Linux knowledge from Linuxhint\ctutorials"
The following output will appear after running the script.

Example-8: Print the names of all files and folders using `echo` command

`echo` command can be used to read the files and folders of the current
directory. When this command executes with ‘*’ then it will print the list of
files and folders of the current working directory.
$ echo *
The following output will appear after running the script.

Example-9: Print the names of specific files using `echo` command

The specific file list of the current directory can be printed by using `echo`
command. The following command will print the list of all text files from the
current directory. In this way, you can search any file or folder by using
`echo` command.
$ echo *.txt
The following output will appear after running the script.

Example-10: Using `echo` command in the bash script

This example shows the use of `echo` command in a bash script. Create a file
named ‘echoexpl.sh’ and add the following script. The function of ‘\r’ is to
add a carriage return in the string. In this example, ‘\r’ is used at the
starting and ending of the string. Here, the ‘-e’ option is used with the
`echo` command that enables the function of ‘\r’.
echoexpl.sh
#!/bin/bash
string="\rPerl is a cross-platform, open-source programming language\r"
echo -e "$string"
Run the script.
$ bash echoexpl.sh
The text value of$stringvariable will be printed with a newline after running
the script.

Conclusion:

The result of any script can be found by printing the appropriate output. So,
print options are very important for any programming language. The use of one
print option in bash is discussed in this tutorial. But the same task can be
performed by another option in bash and the command is ‘printf’. Hope, the
reader will get knowledge about the multiple uses of `echo` command after
practicing the examples of this tutorial and they will be able to apply this
command properly.
For more information watch the_video!


About the author


Fahmida Yesmin

I am a trainer of web programming courses. I like to write article or tutorial
on various IT topics. I have a YouTube channel where many types of tutorials
based on Ubuntu, Windows, Word, Excel, WordPress, Magento, Laravel etc. are
published: Tutorials4u_Help.
View_all_posts

RELATED LINUX HINT POSTS


* What_are_Double_Parentheses_in_Bash
* Floating_Point_Math_in_Bash
* Bash_Continue_Built-In_Statement
* 10_Most_Important_Things_to_Know_About_Bash_Scripting
* Mastering_Backticks_in_Linux_Bash_Scripts
* Making_a_Bash_Script_Return_with_Different_Return_Codes_on_Exit
* Greater_Than_Numerical_Comparison_in_a_Bash_Script

Linux Hint LLC, [email protected]
1309 S Mary Ave Suite 210, Sunnyvale, CA 94087
 Privacy_Policy and Terms_of_Use
