

    
    
    [  _            _
    ▗▛▀▜▄ ▃▃▃,,. ~°°°┐
    ▐▌▗███████%#X0,  #
     ▀███▛▜███@K°%M#%°
     ▟███ o▟██▙o #5M%
     ██#██▛▗▄▄▖▜██#0K
    ▕██M%█▏▝▜▛▘▕█████▏
     ▜████▙━▘▝━▟████▛
      ▝▀▀▜██████▛▀▀▘
    ](https://glow.li/)

× Search requires Javascript [](https://glow.li/technology/2016/9/20/access-
termux-via-usb/feed.xml)



[ × All Posts](https://glow.li/) [ ×
Technology](https://glow.li/tags/technology/) [ ×
Photography](https://glow.li/tags/photography/) [ ×
Short](https://glow.li/tags/short/) | [ × About](https://glow.li/about/) [ ×
Feeds](https://glow.li/feeds/)





\-----------------------------------------------------------------------





[Technology](https://glow.li/tags/technology/) •  [ 2016-09-20
](https://glow.li/technology/2016/9/20/access-termux-via-usb/) <img
src='data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQEBLAEsAAD/4UJeRXhpZgAATU0AKgAAAAgADQEPAAIAAAASAAAAqgEQAAIAAAAMAAAAvAESAAMAAAABAAEAAAEaAAUAAAABAAAAyAEbAAUAAAABAAAA0AEoAAMAAAABAAIAAAExAAIAAAAMAAAA2AEyAAIAAAAUAAAA5AE7AAIAAAAlAAAA+AITAAMAAAABAAIAAIKYAAIAAAA3AAABHodpAAQAAAABAAABVoglAAQAAAABAAAwNAAAMEZOSUtPTiBDT1JQT1JBVElPTgBOSUtPTiBENzAwMAAAAAEsAAAAAQAAASwAAAABR0lNUCAyLjguMTgAMjAxOTowMTozMSAxMzoyMDo1NgAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAAACAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgIAAAACiCmgAFAAAAAQAAAzyCnQAFAAAAAQAAA0SIIgADAAAAAQADAACIJwADAAAAAQD6AACQAAAHAAAABDAyMzCQAwACAAAAFAAAA0yQBAACAAAAFAAAA2CRAQAHAAAABAECAwCRAgAFAAAAAQAAA3SSBAAKAAAAAQAAA3ySBQAFAAAAAQAAA4SSBwADAAAAAQAFAACSCAADAAAAAQAAAACSCQADAAAAAQAQAACSCgAFAAAAAQAAA4ySfAAHAAAsRgAAA5SShgAHAAAALAAAL9qSkAACAAAAAzIwAACSkQACAAAAAzIwAACSkgACAAAAAzIwAACgAAAHAAAABDAxMDCgAQADAAAAAQABAACgAgADAAAAAQAAAACgAwADAAAAAQAAAACgBQAEAAAAAQAAMBaiFwADAAAAAQACAACjAAAHAAAAAQMAAACjAQAHAAAAAQEAAACjAgAHAAAACAAAMAakAQADAAAAAQAAAACkAgADAAAAAQAAAACkAwADAAAAAQAAAACkBAAFAAAAAQAAMA6kBQADAAAAAQCKAACkBgADAAAAAQAAAACkBwADAAAAAQAAAACkCAADAAAAAQAAAACkCQADAAAAAQAAAACkCgADAAAAAQAAAACkDAADAAAAAQAAAAAAAAAAAAAACgAAADwAAAA4AAAACjIwMTk6MDE6MjkgMjA6Mzg6MzkAMjAxOTowMToyOSAyMDozODozOQAAAAACAAAAAf////gAAAAGAAAAMgAAAAoAAAOYAAAACk5pa29uAAIAAABNTQAqAAAACAA1AAEABwAAAAQwMjEwAAIAAwAAAAIAAAD6AAQAAgAAAAgAAAKKAAUAAgAAAA0AAAKSAAcAAgAAAAcAAAKfAAgAAgAAAA0AAAKmAAkAAgAAABQAAAKzAAsACAAAAAIAAAAAAAwABQAAAAQAAALHAA0ABwAAAAQAAQYAAA4ABwAAAAQAAQwAABEABAAAAAEAACxWABIABwAAAAQAAQYAABMAAwAAAAIAAAD6ABYAAwAAAAQAAALnABcABwAAAAQAAQYAABgABwAAAAQAAQYAABkACgAAAAEAAALvABsAAwAAAAcAAAL3ABwABwAAAAMAAQYAAB0AAgAAAAgAAAMFAB4AAwAAAAEAAQAAAB8ABwAAAAgAAAMNACIAAwAAAAEAAAAAACMABwAAADoAAAMVACQABwAAAAQAPAEAACUABwAAAA4AAANPACsABwAAABAAAANdACwABwAAAj4AAANtADIABwAAAAgAAAWrAIMAAQAAAAEOAAAAAIQABQAAAAQAAAWzAIcAAQAAAAEAAAAAAIkAAwAAAAEAAAAAAIoAAwAAAAEAAQAAAIsABwAAAARAAQwAAJEABwAAIqcAAAXTAJUAAgAAAAUAACh6AJcABwAAAmAAACh/AJgABwAAACEAACrfAJ4AAwAAAAoAACsAAKIABAAAAAEAM+wwAKMAAQAAAAEAAAAAAKcABAAAAAEAAClAAKgABwAAAC4AACsUAKsAAgAAABAAACtCALAABwAAABAAACtSALEAAwAAAAEABAAAALYABwAAAAgAACtiALcABwAAAB4AACtqALgABwAAAKwAACuIALkABwAAAAQA/wAAALsABwAAAAgAACw0AAAAAE5PUk1BTCAAQVVUTzEgICAgICAgAEFGLUMgIABOT1JNQUwgICAgICAAICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgIAAAAAINAAABAAAAAVwAAAEAAAABAAAAAQAAAAEAAAABAAAAAAATQAzAAAAAAAAAAAYAABOADNATgAzQAAAAADYyMzU3NDMAMDEwMAEBAAAwMTAwU1RBTkRBUkQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABTVEFOREFSRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABAAAAgIOAgICA////TAEMAAAATAEMAAAAAAAwMTAwAAQBAgAAAAAAAAAAMDEwMSMBAYEA/wAAAAAAwACSAEMAQwAAA+gBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADAxMDAAAAABAAAAtAAAAAoAAAQaAAAACgAAACMAAAAKAAAAOAAAAAowMjIwYiToj9jMyi770oP71aaCcYuz06brG89/Ric/yhem+aCZdgjNsYykwP4qtB2nmTI6C54gZ5yDfmiGmEwMhyGK0xRyON2+tFQWbt/n2KeWxXNuEaW/dK8KNAVInNzR9TvegtVIgYkmDFHY/xQEpIat1MYDudOSLiEwoaSMLBx445AU3KcCb2S+5U++RGEV4EO6YxKwhXF0jr8HZvaFDciag4OayA1pn07nlWJc/Zc92n6+jeSVapY7akJ8L1D9mEoT8+r4HVmsFpcv3qSBdYCi2yuSEKVRFO7f5wY8ie1o+qNjOigtSXzGJ58u1JFlUFJrm+JAtUHknm9XVmyZ3Hjqc9KLGH04DHe2Dn8FgHUKHSILMnDFIU1O/+eMg3DNCFrgQ/+ITQk2OZ5/bTMud/21EVNJgPg+SN6iKDrslKIUilPzKkWxSueW1xyYvbd1wAQAEMnQ5RFUrF+mdgM2VlRFHNiZ6G0JvIZnX2KU0SedE8pZLwGUAylf8xaWLNmcy2pzk8oYffmMNvfPvl1e/lEwyIsWz8YOLfHHx7WjXHKCGmY8y5lDvjzyhD9b9Q4FMHLJPcNrHOrFtt/0Sgzo/ZhKkXCqjsYmv5WyUq8mB6zbueVUTW9bLGiDkUdhS/OfF0WormWG7UPPtZhhQausCIpUccS1PUwUm/1QfO/sGV24KrNTCti9ucz2N4/+hCHVoIJ7i7LwRbE0zn9HJhwpTYjaQ8NaCM2pnKbH/060McVwMgv7AiBVoQR+D7d2TDk9WIrTM6o43ZlsVldvnuRBtUDim2tSc4bL+A18fepfqncCGYD50GrgizEE6t3jFQ2kcZNK2sN/W36KIQ5oNKxYHfnq8hNLmP15DLZ3Tz5EYZXgQrtL8rCFcXSOvwdm3GkNyJqDg5rIDWncZge/jnRxhbD6Q7tC4JVhRT5Pd7YMef2YShPz6vgdWawWly/epIF1gKLbK5IQpVEU7t/nBjyJ7Wj6o2M6KC1JfMYHij6ac3tuTGvX4rH3QeTub1JWbtXfF6oz08ZIIxqvLJgNfqmgOCAAtwkdYMUxtE7hP6acqc0Ic4N72ohPZR4IJRrOf7lF/B/Ve7irkSGE/pM39s0Ju9gKU7Mqul0Z4bz27x4OEDXAbxvr39DlEVS/DpZH/POtkrrao7/obQS8hmpfbpjRJZi+ZPftPcQ+FTdJfnBF4/XWlYxsNeeC+7EI98+kxOyUoNq7NI1XLeH1Lj+H5lzpjUgZBQUaapzJXeeXHy7W8wUwcss7wmAV4cS+z/c2jPl9GMqTc2p4ndkslhePWyRN4EJi26gSkCXRlG5fZ4a8HX5gWqPjxruRyfx1xXowFDyP/O5LJ3GsL6pkHu/W0ewZXbhqs1AK2IO9zPYXj/6HRdWwynOLuuActXDuf362HClNiNNKyloI7amepgj/TrQxx3AyC/sCIFUhBH4Pt3dOOz1YitMzKjjdmWxWV2+e5UG1QOKba1JQZ5HU7p4lxHxJgBtYBqP6dIruW2GLtoR8PNV6+E+30+of5smtRP1wwS12noiUZ1rqmQtqg3czPMzpHWjKM8N614VxdI6DBsK4Dmq+5+rv9kqHBbcCY9vqdPFlsPJLu0/jbutVHltxcIp4lWYtpjghMxRfqlpc5PthRCdf8AR5D0p4C8u0Aq2fbhKPs6h8MeV6sBOhnPjF854IN8swsPz8E75I2p9jkgtgn4LXscz0dXReVrR5SIB4BKdcIAL7CzJwxTOfsZijpp7WxUt610Gmjn4KCCQ4d4sUpUePus9blqOqKcHemzSJxPydzAksu2+YSRqT3pLPCma+PYRCD+vS1+Wpq4QfiEbGya1Xehz9evhtY7zNZzhuni6AkJ2kNSu098Hey1EGbD0koXtUcNbDQHoNj7P2z76t4phjajiUdawCoPe9PoHnquooS5UAJR1ai7heNHmfD+TypzKfyfvHghCPwErMeDUc+48apZEbCHid2SyWF69eJAH1ACJbqxKQJdGUbl9nhrwJbeh6I+O6qK3J/EanH65UEeXQ0usbYsA1wWQe79fW7BlduCqzUwrYvbnM9jeP/oQh1aCCe4uy8EUJy+J/aCYmKU13G7wcWhjNwJzsx5hOv85gcLwElQuNV3n+2PG5jP7Emlvb0CujY9prb8NXkp5wQjZDV5gyVcRiwte8nhXEXUqFK6Rgvf1j69Y+rBjU70JSMxJrKWanZ3DwoCksHBUYW8f6kfFmKJj9eQy2d08+RGGV4EK7S/KwhXF0jr8HZtxpDciag4OayA1p3GYHv450cYWw8ku7QuCVYUQ+T3e2DHn9mEoT8+r4HVmsFpcv3qSBdYCi2yuSEKXp6+bf1gYAdhuXYFysOjotwnybJ+ku3m76UMVk9ev0t4EeC5FGrH1k4TuUMJaDADrNT/O2D35totgjqvhUNezCYLf9/sGnaqpoC9XAZd2aS3ge9LnfzySy5/JfibuHQtBPgAqMuPVcu0/aZVHbSLhdGezW1+8eZME1wGIb69LQ5RFUrh+nRvzJrai64yN66G0JvIZnX26U0SWQEqtbIgD1ASRerxeWLNmdeGpzk8oYffmMNvfPvsThFWDCO8tyMLAfF/BS5Gu9FlOr7fS98Lf2BqLRcImwfTX77Y0mwBqkfTp5YZKoSRECBeM0ZJmHxmIm0UluVSZd/Rwp/JTY6afACDuFsprp09Fyd8SQHwUW0N6DP5mldMLaKu0dlbYZX8icguN4OEkz5INClBTJtwFnYvEJ2DCJdscqPP7F7s9Prw/BUaGJiePot/aFtRynt7XiVkd6gPM+S1v3bDjGvN2qDsGF64qKsobCjzBgRLkVYQszKKuQYD+u8A9cgBZJJ9YXOIUiyD8C7fZXxYZcgMoaMwsYADQ1yaHfa2FRhD1tonhRI0JJ/EO7xk9VnPy4dgQG8X13Tz5EYZXgQrtLRgWFccFIvwdm3GkNyJo+3201DWnMwge/jnRxhbDyS7tC4JVhRD5PRFhxef2YShPz6vgdWawWly/epIp1gKLbK5IQpVEU1tTwBR6QjnzvtWIxPy5rZaUzijjVmnJTcHL49lWjQO+JbHVPD43ILqs4xIl6JFpYY6EOdROidzlh+CkrE9Ekok//x5g/qc02+cND5CtNKSKFR3/wl7FFz+eLexik1SEe+483bMm5vUISU7OwoF0Zds/X74R9wTVaexvrSMnlEc5kH6fnCsmtCU3jI9sfbQkejGdfzJ7RJTIYq1uAC/UBhlWvFzQn2Z3aq3OTaaV9+S+L988deeEVwxM7y9HhBfFX3z+HRY3pjevLAwO5mY3p+GGHP6Wh8QWbJMs7aTYV4W/Xz/ed5fl9s6OTc8ERndmH/xev9U4B9awGW6umFCXRIOtfZzI5CW1c4yPjDjGtyUjfpx8azRHlZEvrG9ZZNcHRUe/X44oZXY1Ms1M/vr25+uI3j8AKIdWeDXuLjH9FsQptf0cmYSlNhORDw1oLzamcqsf/uW4xxXATC/sCElWe+8oPtyN6OT1YhdMMUKfdm+YuV2+evkG1QNCba1JQZZHEFlOICtMIDRkUU5H6vaKTBv0kIQlj7kyiRXTkHe0Katr1yWcxcPJybiIN7iVFEwbx2ITRjr/ef1uvBbbvX0rMTuFYv4Mjisq/cTx2RH8NaQPB7GIxG80iXkRcQw+WYJq/3eELQtuqgIcl+DYUGWMmgIkN1iFWNwgJEjxaTYtQzuI0HgPxyZKIM49Qkc2V6fOSlMxB/DuKkAs/3+YTvgi+DWmQ2Kjf9mEG1UgsacvP1PJISffHTV60/1kkctyMNKxDwZk62eFaE/20Lj4B9ani9uP8sJXPRv5rEZSeb51KHkpR8MsIs0ViJdXvbyVDsNK/Cfhw4N1KWCqa5S4NLydl60jqmB2aPmAVZXne9lmD0ENLluGR+S9QW+U0NBzZyuv/rQeIKzMgcoaWrG5DPyavs8kSvFjbOMvUrbw8Wez6Dj9SmgwQo5JqE3Wsve2CYia4FlhnjRtKMsnNIcQFEHKeM1M4QMbyEILiFSz+tbdbLVdp4PAh3eqAl/1uVG568zzqtaCZd8Mmsl2FXBTF3VI2H6NY0VPO9oOveBRmGPci1g5gHagjtxfsR/oMLMUTU0A+CYyYAT2SGE9tJHRRzLdP23ME7JHzzBjnBLy+pL8CSmPvfFSIw/qKxpv2jl/fIt7LkKBDA4Hg04t55G1FRybzC+HeAAOLHsa72WYEl9uHfumQaN1zH/NS193QSAyU005KyJgqVKnmem1dUoc0LINcDjHUMPEZgYKBsUxtZWcCkvHYuJDNnRwqH39c4UtGdsar4RaICHGSciy8dEjxM6TPU4GwInCc7utPnaTKnh9uL/tQ6sDGwMRC5+RsLAUHoKJ7oGm6NTF2igjFBdBwfWCe2UWknBGAEohnNtoM7R/StIeLyGB6T65RD79VZx+fyrNWWZvtLZQWN4NB7Kw3z8opp8sr4E1fbmrcXQT2jcMdWkrh2BTaaVcS+In2IRdlMp7yttSEtXNaJ98Vd5Q8VCrCcqJqSLU/y5p1UehslVfGNgsmIhFjm78OIMGsFE8HHvKpGOi4WSQzqEOkvJUVVZ2+H2kYJTBiNEJ+73fAv+sC7FsrEMh5kgdCh5tUbDNngyRjICowiTkDTI/dRjyNjlu0e9rI7A+/DnK3YHUeI2Z2E8ob8lXVBRzbwxt05nzf6M99wXoM4B9Wp8ERHACMj2Rv8j1KRrHKwyhnuIXEzW/KFr2Zu9xYTyMSF6WeDBSXGPYfOWjoMaqjQD8l8qCeSqser4UsfCYWZrZosQSMFQUaYjsZz/IgvYbqXnwQZ2YDow7PYKl747uSN0ZjuBzB8zQ3EigaZLcrhjm/wdCpw/+3FvK58zmI/9bJpHVryMKmEgfDaKOdxH7/TK8/dFQhr5hvJ1Fw3D+XtGO/kd1aI9OSdguMWKUQ4U5b7Gne/kU/xj7YaPIImTe6KAh9TG4l4gVHlkmYOj9Kn/BD6XS1B2JajhJxyN6TT1YuKUQ9dmRl7k5nakyAgZ2WekFpFqSseqvXmdWiqA31mxJ/FbkeERKy9MOreP1pWy+IvVwqXO2vytzjSaGY2geSiLOfTb6Vl9/Wkzna0rD3ihpLJxRmnepAPnxF36y50eeiRxTIhia3xuezUxm4geFwp039FPTFhHLfGqQEKX1ARjN2rbGsInMSwUudm4Ci0cyeTQ5IgWzaU9azUXBJb3dCQzynjM7FEKimOW9v8KC9+oiFq/M0tC4q+BfS9jipAj5abEQe2NUHgvdK7/8BCmvj4s/8cOFenU7fu4NSpNtBOgunMIlrfnbCBHuBGHCBPRLrjjXu9Ist6yRLIeAcU4I8clX2/CzR31sWmSxQdWDDBjvX3SGWbRqaAjQAMomcdzJnxzVkzhWnbiajPsCGsRqKIrzNpA3/h5uqQwW1uPgj5lqfhfxfRBJqdhWI2etxYWWrJy5dhJ/fQD+X8UVIq5HmInVbTW71LxrPAQzqRCJ61i63d434bAupz2chPreJ7jj2T/FsvKL0Nth7uLwCMELtaI/JdRBstuNeZ8b7bs+75pL1FWTWZcpqZ6MuiL1ieapqpJ21hOXOmgor8HHYnce+01XFCF9N0wV2kNsEJgvHnvwvdVYsfWuSHtrh1kzBW+djtxCgrLRbaQLVYYIlWzmYy129XPUt/vscj1NB3tkAiks3YXhapT7gn4/Z6nAlqQh+fkHWYJ077hoX4PNJQHOQIif19E0kRN6mVkn6EilXDo/dQxCsfe5AbmIRiQz3oy7SnW38WuTnSiq7UeiE4WnovtdtvDA8jUp6OHnA+IEU5qKfbd5lN67Y9rdOSrCI6hwnyjMMlIaeIs6buQB4TWM2YPblHpRd37OH7VWsJEK5zrppZ+zibR8ZTm0TcIgJv95bhP6uaN9nLGIzvSkSoJm+1i8bXg6dHjqe6VmqXLlnZhJXQ52clR/R91A5j5bTSxS0bq3dofz/cv/BoVA4SPdih5oNzeT0yvrOY0MAMCcfR+qeCcS4Vc2XJlv1wF0Z4Abmu6x2rEaYcweiUQmCz5tu844IlcSln/xeZHkxDeHyEgoDnc6UjInqZREo2/KpznYK3png0/lHHGWPuIm4LxPg043h3bwFVVAyapn40Pjr2punNTwg1R/ePyl1OU54H2OzRtc0NF2pSkL6DxY4CyvUpk981aRH555LVrCAutv515Z1NQoQszfTAmdPSAemCvIajx1mBvnuilxjwKgIjSG0SuH3DGhGp/sv0+2qguGOGV42jm7Uia8w6jvwUqE9IqTt0ce0WnWDAXbjuCEol0WmWm9q5kREFopSWvPAKcEbc44GkAV0tXcCBPdJyh/JO5puG3zGlhL+Po+Q0ED4lWG07yRhdO/nNuWHksHpVOmLxvpCRhhy/T/m1rvQ8OhJ9Scmaz3uBwQS4fLJseCYYXv+lkd4IP1oo0NuzfAiArjC14hzn0VM5/dLk1XduGvV448Aax22IZXXqhqr45b8u7FiBv+Q5Cx3p8PmhSlA6E1eBqadvRS0TJwi3kOBBBpZIw4TnrVN9jVXokSlMbVCG8lOuitJVoTuXQz+H1twj4+zFkiv6cQM98GvdQYrOBSom+qKGr31VGd6Sm2imfpY0Qckxm9FDHSNBN32A2mYqaFnRvImpVSi/m4KXKmrk6yIkGhzv1HgrA7DpmQbyYl0QSjO6t0/1jYFg+6kScPQUBF6B1C3p7zt9K5RM6ZaeLCHEma1xIkgxA2jYh4eayBNUXNDka5Vnk7VgmpWi0ro8QTrVkrvnHRUt03jhjuI0NhhB/aBHvFYkUxUb3Yf21jxkSmGBi9NRKeML/5gKuFJaHhV9fLVEGLcoa/JA7GI/vYEKdpaJ3uEJBKf3tpKGYigUeRCNNoltmyk969XR1u4ZLsvAxOfTVCFxKknSG+g4Eros8KCpBRuhujDJiefobjWQJu8Tf0ddkiuOZoCK8Nh3HlnFHJP0djMBfYeV+epkyQAYL9a26tVUleb6nxYE+RtqReqaAUBHuyoRxas9nyI4GktFz5/L6RIDwhanwvxTPydr7ZyI1AsefdA0UQOuPRos8PAXkUFxeU8Nk2e78C4YXgxnjcr9+zMl9n2t0epeNKJRV9IPhhoxX/qSeZKRjlQe2LSiGOfiJzeZdO8qn/JKFVqighLP5BlmO9auBtNMugKEkYi1xHyKMkQg2OhX96UofkQqJ/9HHFWIAuu+62UHPxid/D7tTjR9dORcufJoMzTyk8aHnBs5G0cSFZ/FFbIiDjO4ivhrgS1B4IS0yWpFOGdvVtX/bQ0YK6UrulB8NqNpTpRXmWP0oM3U/fDWZig0Ws96s951YTcnorbecNQ6GBjpmkX1I1tFueSDGOeqPIRuz7ofy5kcJ3LawgK+agoIacT8Lf0/Fylf3PS+Rl6wNe9DPjGiBPE5w3gSrsTJyrAdo+OzbVsJoVE0kPSDWhQpZueC/vdJFWtqvtuI5Bp29niYpM2st8aXF5EFEDpgvB9LvUoV6707B4L/r8TNJlNKRWlB1+06C7WJQEAUaF48A9L+qJVRJbkKU3/7uYj2ujY+9yMXCiYHLdhMhrzYAhBtRi+uI9d9FDwzuJ80wH9SoWh1tJ3MSTAdfex5x+4CJSgmq3pvhZk8KfPqvJKdWC5YOU08uGEqlmLlhK/4/lkoBHir9x/Z5QlfRpwXxgh0AyLXr+gBxVLrwT3C8QjSQsQybqKab/YTqVPS3/6BmNQ+MlmN+M3TB0+7Wam0mP560C4m47ID02WSJ0YarqbxZjdiiXCIRWRyAYtRmLHcep0wKDOfoh/WKykJYdyz+VwMBj515KQN49cnYSX2dWYCLg0nysKgGc1lH8evkqyewGbyj2XB2DPA8gJAadOiCOAYcCF14bpSriC8B+rsWvPsQAWG3NuATfEPrXQebHeD9m/ADHGT7huTX3SRX8C1mtFeIjNk1LEJ8V8D+UGrbxT63qgwbuiaXeZ9Y89XhT3h1Hp0DsD9ghTxAncjDWbMktpGLQQSa7StOdtgM3243g5IECMbdskQ8+FnLdkC8PEw5EKMGN/DCcbOMuUlE/7KgvzQFHao1Jglr1vEb2RnlfxGfiF0S0q272ZFMY3t64eeooxCMpzDCjjIUSYjabhJtNoqVuJU34alh2kFe9twsprAkKcaGP2lxbAZAUNX1YSMb1i5Fdvyk8iLQQlHn7G3ouAAFg4Uua2ZVSBjuefA0BxaNBQaGPKw35poPdHT8Jv062KfNjroOZDJTge6LA9YgeLMkCl6daCjkGoBNXpqt6r2aBCPbOmw4ZwrsRf4tp3s/WolElbX9iHD3WZ7CKp7jqSdPD7puxyxU4M0KykVD6K3QSvA3u++t0exKFQepp+e5eSaBFxLsPWF1T8sAgAArHJsVMGxQ5ePN0j5IRpI4rbUVT1nSC+YD8lL1ttLrOeJ+3qdAOPnipFDZZRJL1gn/mF0dBpdQzFbnfvBQRnejJLw256AXpzmM71BNRk7xkmUly8O3tF0gjznxaf3oKCtwO73iBRNwsYSz2UZB8/A7tfeYnIg6c9Ns4BTe1to/pmu8st8qpfBpDrnQbzxptyv0uzIT67ak4+9gCypm8TsNXJTbyAOXNQikSDFEp7mjJ2W4cwjANSX0xM/qQMT0exwlMpDAwpo25dfhpJRC8cmiavWYh9ihW3lU4NHN7JH/f2WeNFlXAiFNRuzcRm344Y39nlUttpwTRuB5LFPTMnwgZzeFl2IXtWSN/W5+Pc37gMS/njCAmllnK3THzYpGQyEiIN8knhiyrixss1kCeOyFd+ATGM2XEAwVkpAHyVpysm0wjp4I9B3wL/1a8U5loRX02kpLk9T9fBHbV8nvHfWHZjulhSc6Ncsn4FPLCdFve/itAWbBlWZiZHyWhr1nwGB71MwGgB79IXVx0IYOsbuoybCwm4S1DWtndFvD68TiJ21KLYEdFL2nrfy/QEZNIqFrEb4QyO1uLnznQqxEZXM4evqKjWoZv+Arl7ZhSkrrs8b3FwMZqEvuLW/KzdU5EpVvGxikW19cKecknWplNeSi7CUqJI6dM/Yh0UTE2UC62p8m7YsNm7JkJXdEfwKE+8mbISQb6ZmrTwNiV3dTnQ2JKjlTwA80NPOsGoqq0sPkIbG8ekiKvTo0JvhKxML0GSYnOMKEkbSx7q983llCCNc4/yNSBdOMKSmDOPTZjMptmmoW/Ya4QriADLtxR1Bu8KFIf5OWyp06oKETTeLXcnwUKhzUrWoeNSWsddcPHOi7iPB6UIWFLymFBlNSyc59O25v7z96Jxm3qyQ0X1hHVpRLcbQ3roqSdHA6y0cM+MS/TmW0EiSeWPvn5DXMx1vy9bHK5V0F25AjJ5hA9UfIVGlrZDL1L6+AtiztovWEXUv4r9/8VCqWlTLieGle5qc+cbAzlNTySACz6tjnXMFq2KtKwreNM4CCK8sbXFLqn1jHDUdnFwwOMJDzvp7DTML9/iiX5BK0LLUyaQZz9tzteHfyrCa3xRwcveGju1tXd/Y08OfymvHvEHzvQVyZqcT9ZYNzGt9OVBKmsZLjtggi1O2jGH6RIMKRPY5n/VVZn2J0AusC/BlFVr25JNdyR1xW4SRcM1iLBZstcjNuD2nM3pMjhhSSkB7SL4KiOM5ATu24duy6CkrLYn4sK3dSjqVWCA4tOrpLhBWxjbP/RGlr25uo4502DYa+vm0lwonBZJ61JW83oUfEiK7hDJdA2m3HuPbFmp0W3pU6JdJ1UrzK+nk1djSbPQwK8Xb4m/DLA3L37eiblB+Psjl/o8eXh8JHP43yGd1GAUi4Z5flodALc7uDYayLHHW9eFAO65/i1OBuO+Q694+uXzdWp3RyTaf49avqH6rLk6h5KIM99evMFGf9KPc9pn1QkODF41lmVS/4K6W+u3maDCRiJDHf49dZeTr6PJUIy9GZL2b60s1LaJOumqMxA8CiffIHbwOKw1f7LW89G5hNAZdr+LSjFGZvcLyhOQYgqbc0dWIp7EDtVGruYyrTDsY7kuHzsLbhulLhV/K1RzGXkDdJZVBZeo/Dp2s1MBm7CfaxLhTndNsJe6Kv5eqUKsy9CnSM+F9GyGZ8shGMw4cMW5kUizOaRxL0cqiijnyTpZ7g5yOrbGcJW/8w9iGqDUcyuk888oMYAkjdI3X3c6hMFxMo5uEn6stY5ghcNI01FH9fuKv/WkVP1OWi8bn6q67FL6ETSEXYDmVB4387VMdVO7714jNQfmxb/7OhrlEApqUaLDJ5RsvP8hWXSyi5hwDPL1Ij1djlTNLdhKy5W1yYmr1rI3LbCqm2v5EydaICJ3W4dyjv/sIf2eKj+1MfhYjbWSxBZOSMVebysG86A0k7F7qk6/HeSR5Vka3ivzJfbZtbqyVeFYXSXXGDcT+zo4NTi+WIZ3nIUOPioX0/jBTJlS5CaHgdDtlXdKw+Bo2bXBsxZxF/1G8A9fk6v74RS2X2Ont+jF/FxgVbrUpphqxqRrxyJOD7blpRzvuCNDoYgtupSp1/FkDB0l0Oljo2OwpUZcTx99vIVpb0Gq5HEi32mvE4h2Hn8Q9aTY08B+i+TUokqA6zWK9HH2C3xe4oYo6RNEZsy0yD3xhxCHc6nI8IGhAq7/fET0nY8IaiuxQTjacmcb64A9qqV1utPBXJjEOsJOqq5VdqQQfypbfYs5+SkjdsssOqwMsYHwblasqXAByf2Pf47sQC0OGkurEXgfrsMeFF9RlN3HN5uUaW1IIGP7V5JpzVzwzesSrvutSU7p0GZyh5GW5DOkmZNzySIwwQMb6Q2sxDjkqvq+kjHKFR6jnzLd5ezAvYNrF+YYOuqxSXpU85s39B3dyk64yTEp4nMGp/okfI0VA2ICw1nqasjPelo7WC3RpS2aCl37s5xRwtb4DYTcDCRnpNILuVnneXpsOWuJjOyKSYUvlecQaImzL65XlUxO/QMEZjUB0HJEyVYCXV2NVkwIq2aPNQS4CbdVsvcl/H5993hXZUn6cnAtyvqrz6QSbO24X3mA6BWAk+QktjU87hOqOSLW6ajgQQ2t4qKU74Qtr4d+6nli2DjHoZPHUdxsDKeqRMnhECA1wz5c6232Gg1vwzpeOcHIyHeW4wY3gmS9bSvD+IkKsM0Qn22frEb1L2hNy4IyQMuSId7SNeXC/m0/epYU//PEVduMO1OV5VC0GWoW/+vjzXNzlyL/8YRIFdHyghDMA9ThWdaKVE02ln23CaorsTE7wMF6k5dFXpDFx9O9cijwR+my7uqvvZfiBTMqvxfhkJy5mydmzVVcBCU/wUKpTF3RlPH54nyXBHXRLjrvKTEAXEVTXRP0z7x4JXEy1/P6v4AjiZPqGt22BDRVOl0dKKEIIMdcQidULw/Rdbrisb0qELW5H9opn+wUKauQ/lrHqtiqKx5H8eJe2tcXkvNLdSpAUCa8Sm1kdSPJnxoelgFCrnOaBOo1lY1OPfeQZulLIhBBOwrKuhXl9J2/+jkB2dgZOKM2MqHxZGzHJXJwqznUIqMZS7CHieWFJJ6CVJrtJXzIMyeI5nV+DLcMZwLRqeIS3djKuouhofyND9ku65GRyCxA5OMnAZURXITiUkP5VObFufUILy0UoI0b9nqG1RosylX2ZkWlZJy57kFWAQzKHkn/ljj5LYc1VE/RToKhAHna41eSbIPEPBH2OxJJ6WIBtEnet8lfxATtubp++4PxTIqyzOineIiSc0cRQ7ytqTABnfpI7jVmUInriGoqb2PcO6I649fNvDwEMZrS45lLIhHNZ7LdfWLFVDuC/J8B08rSx5WyNEUM/bkH2hc7Wqqi8brMTxt/bvSvyfIGohH+QyrcaQ3IRcLH1shPRkYgADAyMTYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAU0XcvbjM9DqOooUh1WiCeo1y8dWxNN5HRSMPOk6L2UDDWgjOqbimLf9TtDXDdjIf7xYgUaEAfgG3eEw3PVaM1zWuPdiab1ZRYJHiR7VE4p1hWFhtkdAomSvKfE0pLDqro/t305YCCdvLWxttpRCHUNuqvKyCW9pnh22saw3W7pIDeZj3aWuyKXDBRGGV4EHHRA6rcnV0jkIXR9xpCOSasYOa2H5tyGQHv450cYWw9ku7QuCVYUQ6T3e2DXi82wxR8+j4NVmuFqMvu6WDdYOi+y6RGLFRF9bD5wQAqdKXxVxcxSgtSXzGJ58u1ZFmVlJrmeJEs0Hknm5WV1ME3QSqFNODZ5E5B3aC8OVEkVUhAusJM58y7mNM8sb6nKnCCFryQxGL1immJEp+kjWxVeCyi3uCoMnKERO1CAEfVkIlCj/YdLldMDIwNEA22L2KjJRSEb6pS/mcIkeY3uousTTOfkAmHClNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAwMTA0AAAAAAAAAP8AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgADAxMDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH4wEdFAs5ADAxMDAACAMGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADAxMDAAAABoJKgAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAwMjAw////AEFTQ0lJAAAAICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgAAIAAgABAQIAAAABAAAAAQACAAEAAgAAAARSOTgAAAIABwAAAAQwMTAwAAAAAAABAAAAAQAAAAQCAwAAAAAAAAAHAQMAAwAAAAEABgAAARoABQAAAAEAADCgARsABQAAAAEAADCoASgAAwAAAAEAAgAAAgEABAAAAAEAADCwAgIABAAAAAEAABGmAhMAAwAAAAEAAgAAAAAAAAAAASwAAAABAAABLAAAAAH/2P/gABBKRklGAAEBAAABAAEAAP/bAEMACAYGBwYFCAcHBwkJCAoMFA0MCwsMGRITDxQdGh8eHRocHCAkLicgIiwjHBwoNyksMDE0NDQfJzk9ODI8LjM0Mv/bAEMBCQkJDAsMGA0NGDIhHCEyMjIyMjIyMjIyMjIyMjIyMjIyMjIyMjIyMjIyMjIyMjIyMjIyMjIyMjIyMjIyMjIyMv/AABEIAMQAxAMBIgACEQEDEQH/xAAfAAABBQEBAQEBAQAAAAAAAAAAAQIDBAUGBwgJCgv/xAC1EAACAQMDAgQDBQUEBAAAAX0BAgMABBEFEiExQQYTUWEHInEUMoGRoQgjQrHBFVLR8CQzYnKCCQoWFxgZGiUmJygpKjQ1Njc4OTpDREVGR0hJSlNUVVZXWFlaY2RlZmdoaWpzdHV2d3h5eoOEhYaHiImKkpOUlZaXmJmaoqOkpaanqKmqsrO0tba3uLm6wsPExcbHyMnK0tPU1dbX2Nna4eLj5OXm5+jp6vHy8/T19vf4+fr/xAAfAQADAQEBAQEBAQEBAAAAAAAAAQIDBAUGBwgJCgv/xAC1EQACAQIEBAMEBwUEBAABAncAAQIDEQQFITEGEkFRB2FxEyIygQgUQpGhscEJIzNS8BVictEKFiQ04SXxFxgZGiYnKCkqNTY3ODk6Q0RFRkdISUpTVFVWV1hZWmNkZWZnaGlqc3R1dnd4eXqCg4SFhoeIiYqSk5SVlpeYmZqio6Slpqeoqaqys7S1tre4ubrCw8TFxsfIycrS09TV1tfY2dri4+Tl5ufo6ery8/T19vf4+fr/2gAMAwEAAhEDEQA/AOCxQBgU7FFfYpHYxMU9RSYp4HNaJEMtDgCjgU8DKigrnFSQZ16SFYEZGRmrNlzADTbgKqPv5GRU9sBtYAHGeKyS99APHWnH6UDCtg084PeuhIRGc9qaoOct+FTbOKQinYQKB3p2M9qFGBThxWiQhu2jGBzTyOlIccVaQgxxSAcU7tSdBzTsIaRSEVJwRRgEU7ARDOPegDBz60/HSlK8ZqkhDNp7UuPWpABQQKtREMKZ70U/GO5oq7CuY2KXFAp2PavKR2saykrwcGlAOadznpxT4wGYVaRJaQHyx64pOtSY4pq5wcjFSQUr59kLcZyRU9owaHPqagvkDJtJ6sKls1Cxk54yayV+dAWcZ+tV7m/t7Q7ZGJb+6vJqpd6m0YIhK8dWNYjv5rFmJJPNRPEpu1PU1dJwV56G7/btqGAO8A98dKsDU7VzgSru7D1rlGYDgACm7vzpLEyXxHNOaT0Ovi1G2k/5aBW7qanW5hc7VlXd6E4P5VxBbPfBpyzyL8pbA96PryW6M/aeR3nWmkZrndO1p4sJOwkj6Z7iujjZJUWSM7lbkEV6FGtCqvdKUrhgmk9Qal200jHWt7DGbcUoFPIx0oxTSEMAPpS45AxTsUYq0hBtpMVJjgk0ADbVpEsZkdxRTwKKuwjBFPU03HFOHArx0d7FJwKlgG4kkdqjA6VbgXCdOtUyGP8A4aRTkGngZoAHIFSlqSyldpvQ+xFUpZn8lolOF5z71fuyVRz0HGawpbnzDwfrzXkZnXlTSjHqepl9Kk05z3KUgLP16e9DL8vBOaleECMNIcDt0qB3AHyuDjvXLhq8FGzMcTRkndkLcHrzTNxFKxDcg/hURJ7GpqVddDzHDUl3A00SdjUeTTlRmPQ1l7RyFyCbyCcGuj0PWre3gS2uJSp3feI4+lc2yMpyRTa0w+Jnh580R2seoKVZAyEEHoQc5ox2Irj9A1z7KRa3HMRPyt/dP+FdiOcGvq8LiYYiHNH5iG0uKey89aMDHWutITI8A0YI6U/jtR0q0hBjikA5p/akFUSNx7UU7HtRTEYWKWlxS4ryEjvYRgswGKvIMDFVoRhiatqc0PcliADNKPSlxxSc5IpokzNVlEVvJnriuSjLPIFQnLHArpdeIEEhBOcgVh6YoN/Dns4rwczleoo/1udGGi5zUe7N9fDpeBd7ktjmmN4bXHpXVQjco4qSWEbegrzVE+3eX4drWJxLaBtzyPwqm2leWxzXXTJjpWXcD5jVRXc8vFYGhFaIwzYKvOKBCq9BWlIPlNVCOa1SR4talGDskVZYlZDxWWw2sRW6Y9yn6VkSphzROm7KR59ZJMh713vh+d5tKjMhJK8AnuK4THNd14YUjSF3ZxuOM16mTN+2a8jA1+2cUcU7g9KCMivp0SNxkUAU4CjFUIAOKSnD0pMUCYmKKdtNFFxGEBS45pBThXmRO9iBmVuDipknIPIzUXU0oGDVqKZDLYkRx1waf71ToWRk6Hj0NPk7CZi6yzSCUbiAOcetZmlt/psf1rWuomllk34wRjFYtmDHqKJ/EHxXzeZQampM6MJLlqx9UelWXMY5qxIuUxWfavtA56VbkuU2YJ5rz4n6GmuXUoXJAUgnBrJkXmrtxKrOcGqjsCeTVHlYmSbK0q5Q1TK81amlUdTiqUtzEhPzAn61aZ8/i5x5tCxCuSazb21dWLBTtqzDfJuxg/lWkqhhk8g9q9fC041qSR49Z3ZyhQqea7zw7k6LBz6/zNcPcArcOnocV1Ojap9msYYWhwi8Fy4Geew708unTpV5Xduhkk2dJjFFIrB1DA5BGQacBz1r6QkAOaMU6jFFxDcU7ApwUUhGASB+AouITFFSBcjrRSuI5wrx704UmDn2p2MV58T0GJ3p1GKcBntWqIG7aaelSke1RnrVoRnXQy7DPORWTLF5GsxMDnc6nj8K0b1GM7EE4z1zTZbUubWY9TKqgfz/AJCvAzZvlWnU7MFS9pJ23Vn+JevtUmt2MUKHPrWTJqeognjGe5FbV/DOxHkoCx7msO70688os8hD56dBivEv2Pfx31hXcG/kLBqE5P72rUkzfewcdqq6dYO9yisc4655zXRXdoi2GdoBB9KFJ3MKOHr1aEpydrHL3G6Q5ZiBVMCBW+YOfSr8qk7h61AlrvYBgSB0GarW54M4ts0dObTw6ifchYcZFbFwbdSFQgjHasA2wxkD8zVi3DAgdq9rC5k4QVLkXqYOg781yhdwZ1QL0V2FXbqLzYQ6geWuAAp7VYvbIzLHIByrDJqCFTMvlxhvnbCg1GKpum+Vx+L+vzCkk2zp9JLnSoGfn5avLyARTLaNY4EjQHag28j0qYDmvpqScaai90jBu7ALS4zTgM04CnckjK0qqfSpQKUJS5iSMLmipcY4xRSuK5y/brRR3pT2rkR6DHDmnhlztzz6U1aUKN3v61qiR2B1ph6089OtRrw2KsRRusENnrkVJFH5sMRH/LKUNj2zVW7I3Pu+7kcVY0+ZdrIc4ya8vMKftabS3Wp25dVVPELm2en9fM3ECtwe9VLuIAEKoJPtToZR0J5pZZgFxxXzFj7aU04lS2QWoLNje1XLkh7F8fWse6lZpkUE4zg1dn1C3W2eIOM9PpRHcwjVgqcot6I59uJMe9SqMHjBpzwRsgMkyJuOVBPNRwnDYzkevrXXWoyppOXU+N5lKTsWUXParVrBvfp061Ah5HpWzZIMD867croKrVu+hhXnyx0Ca3H2V025JU8fhTNK09klEsiKAgwvGK0EXdLntnFWRgCvpatCEpxm/snDCTsxRSHAozQOlajJEzUmOajVhipNwA4qGIeq5NSFR2qBX5qUPmoaYh4QUUm6ip1EciTxx1oQMByc0o5o6GsEegxy8Gn9iDTQevrTUJLnJzWqJHqoCnrR0pDnHHWkzkCqQjJu1YykjnmrOnLnc5GDk1WvmZZTg96qy6uljCVjO+Yk8dh9a451qdGXPN2SuLubNwSrgjimLMXJVjk4rC0nUXmupI7lyxl5UnsRW1GFRySTnGK+UryjOrKcNE2fVYKv7WhF320fyHCJDN8xqteWkbbnSLn1BqGSadrorEhb154onjuHALXCIB0UdqzTRpKUZwlFRv8A15lWe3ZCp5P1p8LbetVnSYScShqlPnuACqqR+tarVXZ89W92o+VWNGI8jNbtip2Z71hWQMoVO4rqbOAJECfSvosmpWvV6HnYmelitqF/FpNuk0ysVLAHb15qSz1Wy1Bf9GuFZsfcPDD8K5vxfqCzqIIjlEfk+9cojsjBkYqw5BBwRTxWbOlX5Iq8V+ZlTi1HU9bGaRR2rjdI8WvDth1DLp0EoHzD6+tdhBLHPCssUiujDhlPBr0sPi6eIjeD+XUGiYCnhSaRBUoA61s2SIFwKftOOKkVFZQc4p6KGyOQB39azchEBUjvRVkxc8GilziOKDDO3PNPNMwN2acTWET0GKD2pwxmmqBjpSBcOT3NaoQ5nVetGQRmg9MGsPWdWECm2t2/eHhmH8Pt9azr14UIc8xFXWdQAmaGE/MPvMO1YR5OTS9Tk0018jicTOvPmkZtiq5R1ZTgg5BrqIpmaKNzyHUGuVrpbIGTTIecMBxXOetlMnzyiu1y3GSCSo5Pemvpz3GWZ9oxUcFzsfa4qeS9VRw360JHst0pQ9/YoNZeUc7809FwODTDc7zjNWrSIStkkYFdmHw068lCB87ialNNuOxpaVaknfjGCOau6tqItrcW8TDzXHOP4RVO41SK0jCQnc+OFB/nWTueZmkkOXbqa93GYmGDorD0neX5f8E86MXVlzS2M7VP9Sv+9WVW3eRiVCprGdCpPtXzUtzWe9xAa19E1ubSp8ZL27H54/6j3rGzTgcHitKNaVKanF6mbPXLadbyGOeFgYm5BHcVbDA4FeeeGtaOnziCZ/8ARZTg8/cb1+legqQDx3r7DDYhV6fN1MmWYzkkVMvC8Cq8ZAyR3qyjfKKqQgyKKZv2nGaKmxNziRTiaZmlJqInoseG5ozzTCar316llbNK3LdFX1NXKahFylshFfWNU+xw+VGf37jj/ZHrXJnLEsxyTzzUksr3ErSytuZjkmoya+TxmLliKnM9lsQxDSUUVxkiqu5gPWurt4xFEsfYDFcvEPmzXUxnfErDuM0Hu5NFe++pBc2+7JXrWVJ5ivhs4rcPI5qtKgbqKaNsZSU9jMDVMjSsNqs2Kk8tQ3Sp0AHQVpGUo7Ox4coWdmNihxy3JqxjC4pBxS44yelIWxDIvGaxpSCzHsW4q/eXauDHEeO7Vmu3bsKGZTfQhIw1LQfvUUiCRDzg16B4V1X7ZaC1lbM0GME/xJ2P+favPBVy0vJrORLi3kKSrxkdxXp5fivYyu9iJI9dU+9WFb5K4nSvGsL4i1GPy26eagyv4jtXXwzRXMKyQyK8bDhkOQa+hp1qdZXg7mTTRJu9cGipAAR0oq7ok4jvSkioywVSxOAByT2rn9S1dpyYoCVi6Fu7f/Wrir4mFCPNL7j0mW7/AFpImMduA7/3uw/xrBnnluJN0rlj70ymZr53EYupXfvPTsQ2KabQetFchDYmaO1FFAiSI4I9K39NuUaHymcBl6Z71zwqUNxVI7cHiZUJXR1ZHHNRvGD0rChv54RhZDj0PNT/ANrzY5C59qLM9KeOpTWuheaI+goChRliBWY+ozOPvY+lV2mZvvMTVWPMq1abfumtLewxD5Tvb2rPnu5JvvHan90VWL+1NJyaDllJsczZ4AxTMUtJmhsgY3Wig9aKkBafG2Dg9DxTKAcGtITcZXQmrjiMNir2m6xeaVNvtZioP3kPKt9RVEnJzSVpGpKEuaDsFrrU9KsvG+mS2ytdF4JujIFLD6g0V5rmivQWaVUtkR7NGvrGoeYxt4m+QfeI7n0rJHNIx4pc4FeZWrSrTc5HXfUQntSMuBmlUc5p3Y1iK10RUU7FGKRHKN4pKcRSGgliipB0qMVIOlUi4ARScilpTkdaZdhtLRxmigkOKKKOOwoJsGKTFLR070CsRgc0Ypw6UUA0JRRRQSFLSU6qQCUUUU7gJnOB70N1oorE06Dh0pe1FFMsb2pR0oooEhr9BTT3oooIluKvSnrRRTQ47i9qDRRTLYGkoooJF7UlFFAmFB6UUUCEHSgd6KKAe4dSBUlxGsbhV6YBooreKXs5P0M3uRA0uaKKxGFFFFAH/9n/4Q4MaHR0cDovL25zLmFkb2JlLmNvbS94YXAvMS4wLwA8P3hwYWNrZXQgYmVnaW49J++7vycgaWQ9J1c1TTBNcENlaGlIenJlU3pOVGN6a2M5ZCc/Pgo8eDp4bXBtZXRhIHhtbG5zOng9J2Fkb2JlOm5zOm1ldGEvJz4KPHJkZjpSREYgeG1sbnM6cmRmPSdodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8xOTk5LzAyLzIyLXJkZi1zeW50YXgtbnMjJz4KCiA8cmRmOkRlc2NyaXB0aW9uIHhtbG5zOmV4aWY9J2h0dHA6Ly9ucy5hZG9iZS5jb20vZXhpZi8xLjAvJz4KICA8ZXhpZjpNYWtlPk5JS09OIENPUlBPUkFUSU9OPC9leGlmOk1ha2U+CiAgPGV4aWY6TW9kZWw+TklLT04gRDcwMDA8L2V4aWY6TW9kZWw+CiAgPGV4aWY6T3JpZW50YXRpb24+VG9wLWxlZnQ8L2V4aWY6T3JpZW50YXRpb24+CiAgPGV4aWY6WFJlc29sdXRpb24+MzAwPC9leGlmOlhSZXNvbHV0aW9uPgogIDxleGlmOllSZXNvbHV0aW9uPjMwMDwvZXhpZjpZUmVzb2x1dGlvbj4KICA8ZXhpZjpSZXNvbHV0aW9uVW5pdD5JbmNoPC9leGlmOlJlc29sdXRpb25Vbml0PgogIDxleGlmOlNvZnR3YXJlPlZlci4xLjAyIDwvZXhpZjpTb2Z0d2FyZT4KICA8ZXhpZjpEYXRlVGltZT4yMDE5OjAxOjI5IDIwOjM4OjM5PC9leGlmOkRhdGVUaW1lPgogIDxleGlmOkFydGlzdD4gICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICA8L2V4aWY6QXJ0aXN0PgogIDxleGlmOllDYkNyUG9zaXRpb25pbmc+Q28tc2l0ZWQ8L2V4aWY6WUNiQ3JQb3NpdGlvbmluZz4KICA8ZXhpZjpDb3B5cmlnaHQ+W05vbmVdIChQaG90b2dyYXBoZXIpIC0gW05vbmVdIChFZGl0b3IpPC9leGlmOkNvcHlyaWdodD4KICA8ZXhpZjpDb21wcmVzc2lvbj5KUEVHIGNvbXByZXNzaW9uPC9leGlmOkNvbXByZXNzaW9uPgogIDxleGlmOlhSZXNvbHV0aW9uPjMwMDwvZXhpZjpYUmVzb2x1dGlvbj4KICA8ZXhpZjpZUmVzb2x1dGlvbj4zMDA8L2V4aWY6WVJlc29sdXRpb24+CiAgPGV4aWY6UmVzb2x1dGlvblVuaXQ+SW5jaDwvZXhpZjpSZXNvbHV0aW9uVW5pdD4KICA8ZXhpZjpZQ2JDclBvc2l0aW9uaW5nPkNvLXNpdGVkPC9leGlmOllDYkNyUG9zaXRpb25pbmc+CiAgPGV4aWY6RXhwb3N1cmVUaW1lPjEvNiBzZWMuPC9leGlmOkV4cG9zdXJlVGltZT4KICA8ZXhpZjpGTnVtYmVyPmYvNS42PC9leGlmOkZOdW1iZXI+CiAgPGV4aWY6RXhwb3N1cmVQcm9ncmFtPkFwZXJ0dXJlIHByaW9yaXR5PC9leGlmOkV4cG9zdXJlUHJvZ3JhbT4KICA8ZXhpZjpJU09TcGVlZFJhdGluZ3M+CiAgIDxyZGY6U2VxPgogICAgPHJkZjpsaT4yNTA8L3JkZjpsaT4KICAgPC9yZGY6U2VxPgogIDwvZXhpZjpJU09TcGVlZFJhdGluZ3M+CiAgPGV4aWY6RXhpZlZlcnNpb24+RXhpZiBWZXJzaW9uIDIuMzwvZXhpZjpFeGlmVmVyc2lvbj4KICA8ZXhpZjpEYXRlVGltZU9yaWdpbmFsPjIwMTk6MDE6MjkgMjA6Mzg6Mzk8L2V4aWY6RGF0ZVRpbWVPcmlnaW5hbD4KICA8ZXhpZjpEYXRlVGltZURpZ2l0aXplZD4yMDE5OjAxOjI5IDIwOjM4OjM5PC9leGlmOkRhdGVUaW1lRGlnaXRpemVkPgogIDxleGlmOkNvbXBvbmVudHNDb25maWd1cmF0aW9uPgogICA8cmRmOlNlcT4KICAgIDxyZGY6bGk+WSBDYiBDciAtPC9yZGY6bGk+CiAgIDwvcmRmOlNlcT4KICA8L2V4aWY6Q29tcG9uZW50c0NvbmZpZ3VyYXRpb24+CiAgPGV4aWY6Q29tcHJlc3NlZEJpdHNQZXJQaXhlbD4gMjwvZXhpZjpDb21wcmVzc2VkQml0c1BlclBpeGVsPgogIDxleGlmOkV4cG9zdXJlQmlhc1ZhbHVlPi0xLjMzIEVWPC9leGlmOkV4cG9zdXJlQmlhc1ZhbHVlPgogIDxleGlmOk1heEFwZXJ0dXJlVmFsdWU+NS4wMCBFViAoZi81LjcpPC9leGlmOk1heEFwZXJ0dXJlVmFsdWU+CiAgPGV4aWY6TWV0ZXJpbmdNb2RlPlBhdHRlcm48L2V4aWY6TWV0ZXJpbmdNb2RlPgogIDxleGlmOkxpZ2h0U291cmNlPlVua25vd248L2V4aWY6TGlnaHRTb3VyY2U+CiAgPGV4aWY6Rmxhc2ggcmRmOnBhcnNlVHlwZT0nUmVzb3VyY2UnPgogIDwvZXhpZjpGbGFzaD4KICA8ZXhpZjpGb2NhbExlbmd0aD45Mi4wIG1tPC9leGlmOkZvY2FsTGVuZ3RoPgogIDxleGlmOk1ha2VyTm90ZT4xMTMzNCBieXRlcyB1bmRlZmluZWQgZGF0YTwvZXhpZjpNYWtlck5vdGU+CiAgPGV4aWY6VXNlckNvbW1lbnQ+ICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgPC9leGlmOlVzZXJDb21tZW50PgogIDxleGlmOlN1YnNlY1RpbWU+MjA8L2V4aWY6U3Vic2VjVGltZT4KICA8ZXhpZjpTdWJTZWNUaW1lT3JpZ2luYWw+MjA8L2V4aWY6U3ViU2VjVGltZU9yaWdpbmFsPgogIDxleGlmOlN1YlNlY1RpbWVEaWdpdGl6ZWQ+MjA8L2V4aWY6U3ViU2VjVGltZURpZ2l0aXplZD4KICA8ZXhpZjpGbGFzaFBpeFZlcnNpb24+Rmxhc2hQaXggVmVyc2lvbiAxLjA8L2V4aWY6Rmxhc2hQaXhWZXJzaW9uPgogIDxleGlmOkNvbG9yU3BhY2U+c1JHQjwvZXhpZjpDb2xvclNwYWNlPgogIDxleGlmOlBpeGVsWERpbWVuc2lvbj40OTI4PC9leGlmOlBpeGVsWERpbWVuc2lvbj4KICA8ZXhpZjpQaXhlbFlEaW1lbnNpb24+MzI2NDwvZXhpZjpQaXhlbFlEaW1lbnNpb24+CiAgPGV4aWY6U2Vuc2luZ01ldGhvZD5PbmUtY2hpcCBjb2xvciBhcmVhIHNlbnNvcjwvZXhpZjpTZW5zaW5nTWV0aG9kPgogIDxleGlmOkZpbGVTb3VyY2U+RFNDPC9leGlmOkZpbGVTb3VyY2U+CiAgPGV4aWY6U2NlbmVUeXBlPkRpcmVjdGx5IHBob3RvZ3JhcGhlZDwvZXhpZjpTY2VuZVR5cGU+CiAgPGV4aWY6Q0ZBUGF0dGVybiByZGY6cGFyc2VUeXBlPSdSZXNvdXJjZSc+CiAgPC9leGlmOkNGQVBhdHRlcm4+CiAgPGV4aWY6Q3VzdG9tUmVuZGVyZWQ+Tm9ybWFsIHByb2Nlc3M8L2V4aWY6Q3VzdG9tUmVuZGVyZWQ+CiAgPGV4aWY6RXhwb3N1cmVNb2RlPkF1dG8gZXhwb3N1cmU8L2V4aWY6RXhwb3N1cmVNb2RlPgogIDxleGlmOldoaXRlQmFsYW5jZT5BdXRvIHdoaXRlIGJhbGFuY2U8L2V4aWY6V2hpdGVCYWxhbmNlPgogIDxleGlmOkRpZ2l0YWxab29tUmF0aW8+IDE8L2V4aWY6RGlnaXRhbFpvb21SYXRpbz4KICA8ZXhpZjpGb2NhbExlbmd0aEluMzVtbUZpbG0+MTM4PC9leGlmOkZvY2FsTGVuZ3RoSW4zNW1tRmlsbT4KICA8ZXhpZjpTY2VuZUNhcHR1cmVUeXBlPlN0YW5kYXJkPC9leGlmOlNjZW5lQ2FwdHVyZVR5cGU+CiAgPGV4aWY6R2FpbkNvbnRyb2w+Tm9ybWFsPC9leGlmOkdhaW5Db250cm9sPgogIDxleGlmOkNvbnRyYXN0Pk5vcm1hbDwvZXhpZjpDb250cmFzdD4KICA8ZXhpZjpTYXR1cmF0aW9uPk5vcm1hbDwvZXhpZjpTYXR1cmF0aW9uPgogIDxleGlmOlNoYXJwbmVzcz5Ob3JtYWw8L2V4aWY6U2hhcnBuZXNzPgogIDxleGlmOlN1YmplY3REaXN0YW5jZVJhbmdlPlVua25vd248L2V4aWY6U3ViamVjdERpc3RhbmNlUmFuZ2U+CiAgPGV4aWY6R1BTVmVyc2lvbklEPjIuMy4wLjA8L2V4aWY6R1BTVmVyc2lvbklEPgogIDxleGlmOkludGVyb3BlcmFiaWxpdHlJbmRleD5SOTg8L2V4aWY6SW50ZXJvcGVyYWJpbGl0eUluZGV4PgogIDxleGlmOkludGVyb3BlcmFiaWxpdHlWZXJzaW9uPjAxMDA8L2V4aWY6SW50ZXJvcGVyYWJpbGl0eVZlcnNpb24+CiA8L3JkZjpEZXNjcmlwdGlvbj4KCjwvcmRmOlJERj4KPC94OnhtcG1ldGE+Cjw/eHBhY2tldCBlbmQ9J3InPz4K/9sAQwABAQEBAQEBAQEBAQEBAQECAgEBAQEDAgICAgMDBAQDAwMDBAQGBQQEBQQDAwUHBQUGBgYGBgQFBwcHBgcGBgYG/9sAQwEBAQEBAQEDAgIDBgQDBAYGBgYGBgYGBgYGBgYGBgYGBgYGBgYGBgYGBgYGBgYGBgYGBgYGBgYGBgYGBgYGBgYG/8AAEQgAZABkAwEhAAIRAQMRAf/EAB4AAAEEAwEBAQAAAAAAAAAAAAgEBQcJAAMGAQIK/8QAPBAAAgEDAwMCBAIHCAEFAAAAAQIDBAURAAYhBxIxE0EIIlFhFHEVMkKBkbHBFiMzUnKh0fBiCSRDU4L/xAAdAQABBQEBAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAIBAUGBwkDAQIK/8QAPxEAAQMCBQEFBAgFAQkAAAAAAQIDEQAEBQYSITEHEyJBUXEIMmHwFBWBkaGxwdEWI0JScrIkM1NigqKj4fH/2gAMAwEAAhEDEQA/AKHRT8sxA7gPl+406UlPiVXwSoxnnW5WHNnWKuG/XFTgtI4p0MYQgQL6JdfBxqPaOzzL1Fgq5KpO1qaaP9HtzIuXfByP2fl/idNOJW61utGYAUk+vfTt+3xqKqUD8/A1MNJTgmeL1EV18oGHcufH8tezWl5Ox3Z0XPcIwcA48ZHuNTS3tw41saQLPjT1RU2IUDr2L4LdvI0u/CQDtOCo7e4EtgfYf7ameGMAoFIHlGa2mHCREqT4/VH8tfBphJgq8Y7vOSQQfz1JGmAVQPnikKnANqR/o9nJjOTkktnx/HSyG2I6+ozkOg8lsA8/T3082Nn3oNIXV1vWhjKr3oWOOGQ8EazUrRZICBtSAvCaEtKUNhgMkewGTjThT29ZZ1MbyrKxVSmSAcH2B49/I/poVsNZBG+1XZfKlZqdWo1jjo6XLDEQUuASDgecj+uox76+PqlSKiLJRi1FXXIBEjPIc/Xxz/LTFihcJbKP+Ij/AFpqNLkKn54NMPVDrhatkQ1FusEVNd90lyoapiP4OEgnuLsCO9gf2QfzPtodKf4suoVuqJFr6LatyhkCgU60MkIQg5Pzq/II48cHBz7GHYh1OuGcUUbEtqtGzpJMkrXPe0kEAJTxO8mY2rrmSy/hnD0C4QRcqAVpO2lJ3AIiSVAz4QI86fbf8Z12o8x3LadrqoDMcVEFU6OFJ/VcfUDjuHB+mi46U9ZdpdV6P0bY7WrcEEBafb9wkX1DGv6zxOOJFHGfDDPIHnU56fdXMKzDjv1c6nQ4fdM7HyG+8njbxEHmq7tMeReOaFJ0k8eVTMbfIkXcFche0J3AHj/jWtLfj03AVfUBbCgkH9+iPZt4IpYo70pSjPzEBgzZwPIB9sDThHRK0cZVcfMBkrjLHzqUYdb96kDy4TW4Uk6ZQNGApwA8XcR+/WalqUAJAkfdTWVE0FVJ6iOFYBcJkF9dhtujlrbtTd2PQiXudTHnOB/zjQZWi1ItiavW9OxqXTTSg0/94ghVe1wBjJx4A0OXVi+QbYuX6QSsloq6WlliE1OMSOuTkIfY4bzqn+tmOX2U+l97f26tLyANJAkglSAD8CCefDmpn0bwTAcxdSbS3xJOq2GpShMToQpQHG8kAafHiQN6AK60k0FXV3CrhmEFVGxpnqJsN2dxAwhIPseRwT9NQ9dKsQzSNE7tEWzG6zZJ+xBP8dBXa5vw93p3b9kol1I7xKvy4keIEcGmHrVlm+tMxuF5MFSioA7khRkE8kGCAQYpka7zuEESsJg4wwHkeCCP++NPez9/bk6dbvtW77J2RXOy1v4ijgrO70WYoVYOoIypDNxn3+2obh+c8Sw7GrXFGjLlutK0zMaknVBiDBI3E7iapdnDPo6ySPKrtPhz+IjbnXjbTKsdLYd72VR/aDay1JkITOFqYCwy8LeCTkoxwT4JJdaEiRF9PCNH3AgDAB+n/Gtu+lmdLHqTkmzxi3AHbJGpIM6FjZaJ57qgQCeRB8a8chNaWossyEKD3EKUPIH30sFOjUyDuZiCcsfJOfrq4rJst96mh9YSK+zT48BQMfn/AE1mnAOpjem4q34oIY6YnAU859ueNSpsigWGGSpaTMsrFUGP2R9/z/loOgC3besfP4Ve9+oia7sRrGFPbhmbPcB9fb9+qxPjEuddU9QNvbfpWMAijmaB1kOT6jhctg/UHj/nVFe0q8GOkN0mPfLY/wDIg/pXxl4XJxpsNGFkwDxztR5Wj4I+l9529aamopq+6V1LZYFqqyquDu8p7fmYeykknx9dDv1C+FTpvYYJjRUFbBLT1OcPUdwI8Aff+esz7O1S0tMe6a246peyv0it8pquPo57fRusqUVEgDvGSZJj9OKHW7dMtuWRlko6CNnkJz6keTqH+p+2oVs0VwipVSSCqC+qFwcYzjU6OGNXNittpPAKvu3rIvqflbCcvfSGLdMJTHrvBpX8J1XcrZ8QvTI0FVUUhr7/APhKoU54lgljYPG4zypwM5+gPka/QkKdgIwxjLgAycc/Ya019hNx9zpldtqJhFyqB5S21MfP50NLyjprwU/cAzKFbPK4/rresEbQsoVRh84B9s6O3WQgUzPE714tKzAkgg599Zr3twPGm47mgpp4Y2APGSwwzH2/LTtbq640Ei+hPmL1SQHUMoB+n56GKxs2rhoBXFX7fEE13dJuqD1IxcKdov1VaeA5TIPkqf6aqx+I6pqpepVu3NN+InoP7RSUgnmyI+1ZFdQoI4GGf8yDofPatwZ9rpS7okgKSrb4KTz6c1zwG4FlmJhZ4Ch+Yq+bpfdqOp2db4pZPw8otqFmkk7cqUB/2B0LfVqso7hWzUUJUJRyviVZM95P/fOsz7JWpgRzX6Peqd4wcjp1HdaQPwFB1vimpSsYLRqYQSxZgFwTzriIbLYt8WO47ehuFI9TJKrqaZlkdGXjOM/fV9dG7S0xjNaLV8/7xDiR5yU+HxjcVhZ7Qz9scYuW2lA7pny2AFRV0KoaDp38UOzKW+XWkoqPbm46gXW6VD9kCqKaTDZIJwxZABjJJx51fLSS0lVTwVtvnirKapiWSCphbuV1YZDA+41on7JNtheDYJi2FsuhS2rtcj+oDShGqPBJUhSQfHSfKg8If+jhahA4nw2j9CPvp1SmHYZCGJcD5O7AA/6dKI6Jhl/SGB9SACPtos1uhI3NNLyjFKoqRpFJRHKqxX5FBGR51mkyrpKTFICszQD00Q72YKwXGJCfY/8AcadIICe75cFmBIz5OqJwVuQKIC8MqrbU0wiRsnPcOVPgZ+356B/rdaf7Tw7xt1LS18tzsEy1tJ2YKEwOS7Y/0Mc/bnVZ+0y83bdG76U6pQf03Ppz60qyjhCswZmZtBOpeqI51BCikb+agB6VKHWjqP1Y2/VrarFuystVJBbopqCzba2w9XUOghDM8zH5QchvJ9uATrh+jlb1W6pUt7WWvq6wUlGZ2uF5ozTyM3aXCgLxkgH7jxrHEXy2ljTumY/KfjWpecMd6uZu6w/w61cKWypC9IDKktICUkj+bHeUBEwY1GPQf+oq3KuuDvUfirnV+oyGmkrJI4Qy+FKoRwx4z4Gps6O7jsWyaSopb500t7XG4UAWi3DQ3N/UglbyrISwKgftAk59hq/ehPULBOmvUD6zxKz+koCVJCQQCkqEBYnYkcRtsZG4E5Z53wPMGP4m4FKhwq3USTuDuI4ArTdduR23qxWbsqKOWKg3bYYloK2kKlqOZmWKUp3H/E7SgGDnDEjxqzv4ZrJc7Z0X2XS19TPUEmrlg/GMWkWjknkaAZJJyVKtgngN+Wjv6BsG36836W0KQCw66sR3FfSH2nG1JM86O4QRt2Zg7qBrvEGOyy6CTJ7SB9id5+3j/L0ol6WgOM8sSoBZvrjk6cv0Ox7QnGDkhedGs9dhK96gr6op0itYRe1zEjZ5Dydp/hrNNyrkkyAfuptLomq3FJ7chslSAVOMk+Dp/pfUh9N1hFQzuFPzhQOeTyOT9tVhg5KUSN6IO67y6V1wj/uo2Uq8r/tLwD9ND48dtue/a6yVCimjvNDW0FVWAhf8VZBgc8nx7Y4xqN9aMLRjfTi+sgO860tI/wAimAfvNSHpxiLOE9RMMuHfcS+0Vf46xq/7Zovammsd727URvTUiVDwgerMcJ3BSCHGPbnjUadL6mx2G93fZ1uSnb06GStvVydViBeQlVGf8oGQB9jrDsoQl5JHif2r9D71xhn8SWbyoCykoHqUyo/CEg/eaBG82+WnvtxrKihqTaqq6Sx0dzakPoer3n5e/GCT9vpqXNobWS/V1BQ4gd5JFLsB8qr78f01d+WMn3191Aw/Dn0FBuSyU6gRqbd0kKE8giYI2MbVgdnO+s7e8v3WiCEOOgRvwo7etGHW9CrXu2n2/ZpJIqSCx1ST3CYwB2cOhVkX2DdrHB9jzopqSjordSRUFFSxUtNTpHFBDAoQKqqFUcfQKoz9BrbnDckWGXcx3F60QS62w2BHupZSQN+e8VEkcT8SaEtjEn72wAVwFKI+0j9q6mzo0idrsS0in5A2e0ga7O1fgi7xzOjELgDPGu+IlwlQQKb3iCa6FKWgK/3kcbtnks2s0wFd1Ox2ptUGp3qpRVk9WNy5ig7SDGqgq7E5yx/dp+hqUpxBFKx75pCsIVSck++fbzqK4MdAk0Q1wZXX07xIsaEzSTxKT21Dd58+c/noWZHtkHVCepulfBBS0NXLPXNUr2LTRIHYuZCQAnufb6+NdszfRm2rdTywlIcRJPEBSSZPAgSZOwiaanTKx8+BrtLN1Rt28jVXTYF2e7bdkvT0M4hRo0MsRAkIVsEKVYMr8dy4OuT3Dd9gs+57Zc6qrmu0fY0y0LztOAuSOyOAh2+YnycDnOsL86uYM5nbEF2S9VkX3VMkCAWyslEDaBpI28OK2Wytm7Ccx9O8KvMUcKg5btgQVEqcLBCwNHfKgQownvE7ChpqLrbReURL5dHS3USIKbcEE0K5TJKxo35nA8kk486MroBHLuK/WeaiiNRDU4LemhyoB5B/PGr76BNX+buseEuuPl13tEE6lFStKCNX+KUpkgbJAGwgVlP1L+r8BTiFswlSWkFcFSSk7+YO8z57+e9TD8RHxV274X967K23WbYG8Kfcdpqanc8VtvCwV1DiRBEY1ZSjZBf5WK57eCNTz0h64dNeudiN52BuSOtnpmQ3bb9ZH6FzoGPgVFPklV9g690bezHWqmDdeMs431ev8pu9y4ZKezVMpdBbQtaR5OIJIKd5SkkHYgDHhbTowZtZ8ZP2EmPvFEHbaN5CfT7+5c95I5/dru7fZZgIpRGSjMfVnfwv3J1YuJXiGyQaTvnUafZLDWoQD+JJx7IQP4Y1mmBOJW5E7U0lJnmqkqd2eCb1FMfa/aAWBBGTznTgkgjNKZoH5mIQxkHt/wDI6imDe4CRRG3JJXSa+3ygsdHW3e8zUlustsomqK26VNR2JHEp5LccDx45JwACSNU0dbers3Unc11ntAqLbtR6thSUrDslqlB4kmGfJ8hPC/nk6Fn20uo4y9ktnA7dUXF2SVRyGUxPp2iu6PNIcFMd+5ob53+Zp7+Gjct4ot13rb9DVutLdLJJVfgTyj1FMVIOP8xjZxx540cVjpKXcFtr2W/foKCuqu+7XK1rirLYwQW8jjIweMayyAcdKRPFaTeyveXWM9LbdhdwWi2p9tCx7zYMKUUH+4JcMeQPlUVVVkt1BeZYrbf7te2ecq0lbMJJGIPH8eNGt04vVm6B7Ml3Re1Sp3XfImO3NuiTEk87r8nd/lQZ7mPso+pA0dHslWCcv3+JZxvz/seF2qzJ277ndQ2n/mXJCR/cQPGgJ9oJyzXmF3C7J5bxed0hSzKiB7ylEcxVWvxOXO/7n3NRbnvNRNca+uNQ9zrX/wDtdlIAHsoAwAOAFA1BmyN9bn6f7lte7dnXyusG4bNOHobpb5e11/zIynh42HDRsCjDgjQuuZwx1OdFYz2xF4Xe21jntCrXqH/Vv5eHFVpiVs1bXBaSIQAkAfAAAflX6S/hD+Jm1/EHs411R+Dt2+ttxxw7v2vSJiIl/wDDrYO4kmCQqwA/+Nso2cKWP/bapMpglRBEJYu1Hk+VyQSfz8fy1tllfN9tnzIlpjDW3bIBIG8LGywPRUx5gA1Abodk6RXdPVGGSSJijFW8+occ88cffWa4hgKE00Fwg1SBDMohctggnlT7/TGlhq19I5dIxDlpGZgqqoBOSfYADJ+mvcHWlKB4URr8BRqrP4l+u83U27ybY25WPFsOyVHM0LEC61aHmZvrEvIQf/vyRgSJME47sD2Gsauuufl9R+pd5iKVSzq0NeQaR3UR5at1kf3KNRi9IWZJ/wDn/vmiV+GG0wSbwu12lz69usZFImcZ9Rwshz/pAH79EHv7bl1QVVftW5SULVZLVNMXKrJ9cffVSMGFA1oT0mwN8ezI0uzc7O5W4+sK8lE6I9ClKaiXb8G8KG4JPSSPRVcUgJqZJlYBx7gEHJ51NdFBcKqoa77gu1bfLsygGrrpizBR4Vc+Fz7DjVhNZ1zYcp/UQuVCwKw4WxASpY4K4Eq076QokJJkCd6B64wgsYup55P85MiTuRvv9/j51EPWKSkp7dDT1Lxmvr5FkSEv8yQqcs5+g4Cj6k/noO5kQVchQFVOCV84J86jVwnU4F/PhURxtaF3e3IFTz8PPWO/9FOpW297WR5pjbakx3S0rN2pX26QgVNKw8fOigqT4kSNvbX6oui/VbY3VKw0W5en26bTum1dsf4qS3VatNSv2g+nUxfrxSD3VwOfGdaX+x5nS2vsmP4M+5/MSrU2CdyAkBYSPJI0GB/cT51X2MtKbd1Dj9/k1NM4qKyV50gZkZiEx8uAPtnWaLxLjLaQnVxUUKlE81R/ftzWHatmrr7uKvp7Za6RQZamobyT4VVHLO3gKuSTqubq18TG5d6pc7BtoSba2pXB4agAg11ZTngiZxxGrDgontkFj40GftH9YnMi5bGD4eqL26SdR8W2j3SR5KXulPkApXITRJ3znZJJoVJpf2VwFQDTcXYtyAQo541mC4rUsmolduSrb0qa+jW+INk7ip7hWx1E1A8TxV0dOAXML+e0HyQwUgfbGjfpd8dPNy0ffS7ktcbMD/7avm/DTL+cb4/iMjS1DTnZBSEz5gc0dfQTqRl5XTE4Beuht9K1KQVQEqCgkaQo7BQIJgxIO3EVHl1v2xrNUtK+4qCZjnEdApmY/l28a4HcPWqGGBqfbFE8bkYN0uahmH3SEcZ/1H92nVpDh7yhpHx5+6hq6iXNhhuNPJYdS4on+kzHqRI/Gh4u14rbxUTVVZUz1E1Qe6onqJC7yN9WP8gOBrj6j5alvJBUfljXK4WVrFU2tSnFSdzSiCRoXjlTh42BVgfvqQ9odRd5dN90Um8ene57xtC/wBHhuNirTC4HvHIv6skZI/UcMpBwRqZZWzFf4EgO2zhbfaWlaFDkGCDHrtPgQIMgxSRxlLi4UJBBB/Crd+mf/q+11q2lQ2/qj0pqd0bupWKVW4dn32G201XGAOyR6aRG9OU89wQ9h4KhclRmjkwz2vcKGHti7sVl7SNRSUaSqNykEyATwDuOJPNRV3K7hdOlwR4TM1Vd1c6qXPqbuaSYvPS7atbMtgtMrYEaHgyyAcGV/JPsMKOBzDrRGqV2QhfTz6ZI/WPvoCc/Zsuc8ZwusScJ/mrOkH+lA2Qn7EhI9RPjV1XSTdAo8TP4R+tNPpN2tkEYJ5xxnWpowg8ZOOSW1ASkg1F3GylEqp0tpKvxgHtIJz/DTyTKeFkOAeFkH+2nO21Bun7D0leHhPhWsPKAcs5H/h4GvfTOSSruceDpUNSjvSNy0QEwNh5CvhlGcBsjjGPppreAmWUhgcNhWxr5VuqKbHLZS1EivOwrww/4OtsZP6uSSBxpRbrKVikKgUnet3A4IyR751mngOgDc14FCK0GRiJXz80jorEfQA6cogFVAOB6Z1D2pUZNTWyUVuSeY/M70mjVe+MYyO33011wCuFAABSMnA9yTn+WuagIpHiCU/QpjxpTbv1YG8FjhuPI0995CtjGCmSMfTS629z5+FdsKOm0I+eBSY+SeTx4J++vtiQgPGe4jONdxNcnfdmtasRwCQMex0iJJQn3JJP7zrzldISISofD9qcbfSRVlRMkpdRDSTSL6ZxkoCQD9tNsb9p4VcnjJGnu6smWMKYuB7yysHy7uiP9RmmV5ZN2tPgI/Gf2rYGJ7s4/W+ms0gk14Uiv/9k='
alt='Avatar of glow' />[](https://glow.li/about/ "glow/")

#     [ Access Termux via USB ](https://glow.li/technology/2016/9/20/access-
termux-via-usb/)

I've been using [Termux over SSH](https://glow.li/technology/2015/11/06/run-
an-ssh-server-on-your-android-with-termux/) for quite a while now. I've always
done so over WiFi. This works reasonably well at home, where I controll the IP
Addresses. In other networks it was more annoying, because I always had to run
`ifconfig` first, to get my IP. But the big annoyances start when you want to
use it in a place that has no WiFi network available. Previously, I used an
Android tablet and a keyboard. With this I set up a WiFi direct connection
between my phone. It's wonky and sometimes requires to restart both devices
before working again, but it works.

Then I got a laptop. Installed a proper Linux on it and tried to connect to
Termux. I tried setting up WiFi Direct. But after an hour or so of messing
around `wpa_supplicant` I concluded that it's just too much of a hassle. But
somewhere in the GitHub issues I came across the mention of connecting to
termux via ADB. The ADB shell is bad. I didn't actually manage to launch
Termux programs via the ADB shell, but I heard that it's possible. But, and
this is the point of this article, you can create port forwarding via ADB.
This means that you can map a local port on your computer to a port on your
Android device. Then you can open the 8022 port to access Termux via SSH over
USB. This is awesome, when you're on the train, in a coffeeshop or otherwise
in a place with wonky or nonexistent WiFi.

## Here is how you do it

### 1\. You need ADB

Most operating systems have an ADB package. On my one I was simply able to
install it with:

    
    
    sudo apt install adb

For Windows there is an easy installer available [here](http://forum.xda-
developers.com/showthread.php?p=48915118#post48915118).

### 2\. Create your port forward

This part is really simple as well, and that's key. I don't want to do 500
things every time I want to connect to my phone.

    
    
    adb forward tcp:8022 tcp:8022

This is really all it takes. The first instance of `tcp:8022` is the local
port you want to bind the remote port to. The second one is the port from your
Android device. Because Termux' SSHD runs on port 8022 by default, this is
what you want.

### 3\. Connect to it

Now that your local port is bound to your Android device you can simply
connect to localhost on your computer:

    
    
    ssh localhost -p 8022
    #This is were you put the local port
    #(ie. the first one)

This will connect you to your SSH Server. If you haven't set this up yet read
[this](https://glow.li/technology/2015/11/06/run-an-ssh-server-on-your-
android-with-termux/).

You will need to rund the adb commnd after every restart or after you've
unplugged your device. I set up an alias for myself for the following command
sequence:

    
    
    adb forward tcp:8022 tcp:8022 && adb forward tcp:8080 tcp:8080&& ssh localhost -p 8022
    # This will also setup the port 8080, which is used by the httpd webserver on termux

[#Technology](https://glow.li/tags/technology/)
[#Termux](https://glow.li/tags/termux/) [#CLI](https://glow.li/tags/cli/)
[#Android](https://glow.li/tags/android/)
[#Tutorial](https://glow.li/tags/tutorial/)
[#Snippet](https://glow.li/tags/snippet/) [#SSH](https://glow.li/tags/ssh/)

* * *

[<< Next](https://glow.li/technology/2016/11/10/android-notifications-for-
profanity-with-termux/ "Android notifications for Profanity in Termux")
[Previous >>](https://glow.li/technology/2016/7/15/using-pixel-fonts-in-a-
browser-without-font-smoothing/ "Pixel fonts in a browser without font
smoothing")





\-----------------------------------------------------------------------





A blog by [glow](https://glow.li/about/).

Made on [Termux](https://termux.com/).



