  * Call
    * [Support](tel:1-855-330-1509)
    * [Sales](tel:1-877-588-5918)
  * Login
    * [Bare Metal Cloud](https://bmc.phoenixnap.com/)
    * [Channel Partners](https://partners.phoenixnap.com/)
    * [Billing Portal](https://admin.phoenixnap.com/)
  * [Partners](https://phoenixnap.com/partners)

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCAyMDAgNDQnPjwvc3ZnPg=='
width='200' height='44' />[<img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='200' height='44' />](https://phoenixnap.com/kb)

  * [Phoenixnap home](https://phoenixnap.com/)
  * [contact support](https://phoenixnap.com/contact-us)
  * [blog](https://phoenixnap.com/blog)
  * [Glossary](https://phoenixnap.com/glossary/)
  * [Support](tel:1-855-330-1509)
  * [Sales](tel:1-877-588-5918)
  * [Login](https://admin.phoenixnap.com/)
  * [Partners](https://phoenixnap.com/partners)
  * Search for:
  * __

#  Grep Regex: A Complete Guide

April 7, 2022

[commands](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/tag/commands)[grep](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/tag/grep)

[Home](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/) »
[SysAdmin](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/category/sysadmin) » Grep Regex: A
Complete Guide

Contents

  1. Grep Regular Expression
  2. Grep Regex Example
  3. How to Use Regex With Grep
    1. Literal Matches
    2. Anchor Matches
    3. Match Any Character
    4. Bracket Expressions
    5. Character Classes
    6. Quantifiers
    7. Alternation
    8. Grouping
    9. Special Backslash Expressions
    10. Escaping Meta-Characters

Contents

  1. Grep Regular Expression
  2. Grep Regex Example
  3. How to Use Regex With Grep
    1. Literal Matches
    2. Anchor Matches
    3. Match Any Character
    4. Bracket Expressions
    5. Character Classes
    6. Quantifiers
    7. Alternation
    8. Grouping
    9. Special Backslash Expressions
    10. Escaping Meta-Characters

Introduction

The **`grep`** command (short for **G** lobal **R** egular **E** xpressions
**P** rint) is a powerful text processing tool for searching through files and
directories.

When **`grep`** is combined with **regex** ( **reg** ular **ex** pressions),
advanced searching and output filtering become simple. System administrators,
developers, and regular users benefit from mastering regex with the **`grep`**
command.

**This guide teaches you how to`grep` with regex through examples.**

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgNDAwJz48L3N2Zz4='
width='800' height='400' alt='grep regex a complete guide' /><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='400' alt='grep regex a complete guide' />

Prerequisites

  * Access to the terminal/command line.
  * A [text file](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/how-to-create-a-file-in-linux) to search through. The examples use the _.bashrc_ file.
  * Basic [grep command](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/grep-command-linux-unix-examples) usage.

## Grep Regular Expression

The syntax for the **`grep`** command includes regular expressions in the
following format:

    
    
    grep [regex] [file]

Regular expressions are simple statements that help filter data and files.
Many [Linux commands](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/linux-commands-cheat-sheet),
such as the [awk command](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/awk-command-in-linux) or
the [sed command](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/linux-sed), also use regular
expressions to find and manipulate information.

Two general character types make up a regex statement:

  * **Literals** , which are standard text characters.
  *  **Special** characters or **metacharacters** have special meaning unless escaped with a backslash ( **`\`** ).

__

**Note:** Encase regex expressions in single quotes and escape characters to
avoid shell interpretation.

The **`grep`** command offers three regex syntax options:

1\. Basic Regular Expression ( **BRE** )

2\. Extended Regular Expressions ( **ERE** )

3\. Pearl Compatible Regular Expressions ( **PCRE** )

By default, **`grep`** uses the **BRE** syntax.

## Grep Regex Example

Run the following command to test how grep regex works:

    
    
    grep if .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgMzUwJz48L3N2Zz4='
width='800' height='350' alt='grep if .bashrc regex example terminal' /><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='350' alt='grep if .bashrc regex example terminal' />

The regex searches for the character string. The result shows all instances
where the letter **`i`** appears followed by an **`f`** in the _.bashrc_ file.
Therefore, the output highlights the following results:

  * **if**
  * el **if**
  * not **if** y
  * ident **if** ying

The command returns only those lines where there is a match.

## How to Use Regex With Grep

Regex offers many possibilities to refine searches with **`grep`**. Below are
some common examples explaining the basic syntax and logic. Combine matches to
create complex regex statements.

### Literal Matches

Literal matches do an exact match for the specified character string. The
previous example expression for  **`if`**  demonstrates a literal match.

The search is case-sensitive. The following command returns different results
from the previous example:

    
    
    grep If .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgMTAwJz48L3N2Zz4='
width='800' height='100' alt='grep case sensitive regex terminal' /><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='100' alt='grep case sensitive regex terminal' />

__

**Note:** Add the `**-i**` or `**--ignore-case**` option to match all possible
case combinations.

To search for multiple words, add quotation marks:

    
    
    grep "if the" .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgODAnPjwvc3ZnPg=='
width='800' height='80' alt='grep if the .bashrc terminal output' /><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='80' alt='grep if the .bashrc terminal output' />

Omitting quotation marks treats the second word as a file or location.

### Anchor Matches

Anchor matches specify the line location in the search. There are two anchor
types:

  * The caret sign ( **`^`** ) searches for match lines starting with the provided expression.
  * The dollar sign ( **`$`** ) searches for match lines ending with the provided literal.

For example, to match lines starting with the word **`alias`** in the
_.bashrc_ file, use:

    
    
    grep ^alias .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgMTcwJz48L3N2Zz4='
width='800' height='170' alt='grep alias beginning regex terminal output'
/><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='170' alt='grep alias beginning regex terminal output' />

The search does not display lines with tabs or spaces before the word.

To match lines ending with the word **`then`** in the _.bashrc_ file, run:

    
    
    grep then$ .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgMjYwJz48L3N2Zz4='
width='800' height='260' alt='grep then$ regex terminal output' /><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='260' alt='grep then$ regex terminal output' />

Use both anchors to create a regex statement that searches for a single word
or statement in a line:

    
    
    grep ^esac$ .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgMTAwJz48L3N2Zz4='
width='800' height='100' alt='grep esac single line terminal output' /><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='100' alt='grep esac single line terminal output' />

Use only anchors to find empty lines in a file. Add the **`-n`** option to
[show line numbers](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/vim-show-line-numbers) in the
output:

    
    
    grep -n ^$ .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgMjMwJz48L3N2Zz4='
width='800' height='230' alt='grep empty lines terminal output' /><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='230' alt='grep empty lines terminal output' />

Without the **`-n`** option, the output is blank.

### Match Any Character

The period ( **`.`** ) regex metacharacter matches any character in place of
the sign. For example:

    
    
    grep r.o .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgMzAwJz48L3N2Zz4='
width='800' height='300' alt='grep any character match terminal output' /><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='300' alt='grep any character match terminal output' />

The output shows all instances of the letter **`r`** , followed by any
character, followed by **`o`**. The period can be any character, such as a
letter, number, sign, or space.

Add multiple periods to indicate multiple character placeholders:

    
    
    grep r..t .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgMzMwJz48L3N2Zz4='
width='800' height='330' alt='grep multi character match terminal output'
/><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='330' alt='grep multi character match terminal output' />

Combine with anchor matching to create a complex regex statement. For example:

    
    
    grep ..t$ .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgMTIwJz48L3N2Zz4='
width='800' height='120' alt='grep multi character end match terminal output'
/><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='120' alt='grep multi character end match terminal output'
/>

The statement finds all lines with any two characters followed by the letter
**`t`** at the end.

### Bracket Expressions

Bracket expressions allow matching multiple characters or a character range at
a position. For example, to match all lines that contain **`and`** or
**`end`** in the _.bashrc_ file, use the following pattern:

    
    
    grep [ae]nd .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgMjQwJz48L3N2Zz4='
width='800' height='240' alt='grep bracket end or and pattern terminal output'
/><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='240' alt='grep bracket end or and pattern terminal output'
/>

Bracket expressions allow excluding characters by adding the caret ( **`^`** )
sign. For example, to match everything except for **`and`** or **`end`** ,
use:

    
    
    grep [^ae]nd .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgOTAnPjwvc3ZnPg=='
width='800' height='90' alt='grep exclude bracket expression terminal output'
/><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='90' alt='grep exclude bracket expression terminal output'
/>

Use bracket expressions to specify a character range by adding a hyphen (
**`-`** ) between the first and final letter. For example, search for all
instances of capital letters:

    
    
    grep [A-Z] .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgMjgwJz48L3N2Zz4='
width='800' height='280' alt='grep uppercase letters terminal output' /><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='280' alt='grep uppercase letters terminal output' />

Combine bracket expressions with anchor matching to find all words starting
with capital letters:

    
    
    grep ^[A-Z] .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgMTAwJz48L3N2Zz4='
width='800' height='100' alt='grep line beginning capital terminal output'
/><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='100' alt='grep line beginning capital terminal output' />

Bracket expressions allow multiple ranges. For example, match all non-letter
characters with:

    
    
    grep [^a-zA-Z] .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgMzUwJz48L3N2Zz4='
width='800' height='350' alt='grep characters terminal output' /><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='350' alt='grep characters terminal output' />

The output highlights numbers and characters, ignoring all letters.

### Character Classes

Grep offers standard character classes as predefined functions to simplify
bracket expressions. Below is a table that outlines some classes and the
bracket expression equivalent.

Syntax| Description| Equivalent  
---|---|---  
 **`[[:alnum:]]`**|  All letters and numbers.|  **`"[0-9a-zA-Z]"`**  
 **`[[:alpha:]]`**|  All letters.|  **`"[a-zA-Z]"`**  
 **`[[:blank:]]`**|  Spaces and tabs.|  **`[CTRL+V<TAB> ]`**  
 **`[[:digit:]]`**|  Digits 0 to 9.|  **`[0-9]`**  
 **`[[:lower:]]`**|  Lowercase letters.|  **`[a-z]`**  
 **`[[:punct:]]`**|  Punctuation and other characters.|  **`"[^a-zA-Z0-9]"`**  
 **`[[:upper:]]`**|  Uppercase letters.|  **`[A-Z]`**  
 **`[[:xdigit:]]`**|  Hexadecimal digits.|  **`"[0-9a-fA-F]"`**  
  
The complete list of grep character classes is in the [grep
manual](https://www.gnu.org/software/grep/manual/grep.html#Character-Classes-
and-Bracket-Expressions).

### Quantifiers

Quantifiers are metacharacters that specify the number of appearances. The
following table shows each grep quantifier syntax with a short description.

Syntax| Description  
---|---  
 **`*`**|  Zero or more matches.  
 **`?`**|  Zero or one match.  
 **`+`**|  One or more matches.  
 **`{n}`**|  **`n`** matches.  
 **`{n,}`**|  **`n`** or more matches.  
 **`{,m}`**|  Up to **`m`** matches.  
 **`{n,m}`**|  From **`n`** up to **`m`** matches.  
  
The **`*`** sign matches a pattern zero or more times. To demonstrate, run the
following command:

    
    
    grep m*and .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgMjgwJz48L3N2Zz4='
width='800' height='280' alt='grep asterisk terminal output' /><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='280' alt='grep asterisk terminal output' />

In this case, the **`*`** sign matches the letter **`m`** zero or more times.
Therefore " **`and`** , **`mand`** , **`mmand`** " are all matches. The letter
**`m`** repeats any number of times when followed by the **`*`** sign.

To match zero or exactly one match, use the **`?`** sign. Encase the statement
in single quotes and escape the character to avoid interpretation. For
example:

    
    
    grep 'm\?and' .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgMjEwJz48L3N2Zz4='
width='800' height='210' alt='grep question mark terminal output' /><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='210' alt='grep question mark terminal output' />

Alternatively, use extended regular expressions to avoid escaping:

    
    
    grep -E 'm?and' .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgMjgwJz48L3N2Zz4='
width='800' height='280' alt='grep extended regex terminal output' /><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='280' alt='grep extended regex terminal output' />

The output highlights all instances of **`and`** or **`mand`**.

Use range quantifiers to specify an exact number of repetitions. For example,
search for strings with two vowels:

    
    
    grep '[aeiouAEIOU]\{2\}' .bashrc
    
    
    grep -E '[aeiouAEIOU]{2}' .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgMjEwJz48L3N2Zz4='
width='800' height='210' alt='grep limit 2 terminal output' /><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='210' alt='grep limit 2 terminal output' />

The output highlights all words with two vowels.

### Alternation

Alternation allows for defining alternative matches. Encase the alternative
strings in single quotes and separate each with an escaped pipe character (
**`\|`** ).

For example, to search for the words **`bash`** or **`alias`** in the
_.bashrc_ file, use:

    
    
    grep 'bash\|alias' .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgMTcwJz48L3N2Zz4='
width='800' height='170' alt='grep bash or alias terminal output' /><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='170' alt='grep bash or alias terminal output' />

Alternatively, use extended regex and omit the escape character:

    
    
    grep -E 'bash|alias' .bashrc

The output highlights both string instances in the file.

__

**Note:** For more details, refer to the [grep multiple strings and
patterns](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/grep-multiple-strings) examples.

### Grouping

Regular expressions allow grouping patterns into one item. Place the group in
escaped parenthesis for regular regex, or use extended.

For example, search for the string **`bashrc`** and make the **`rc`**
characters optional:

    
    
    grep 'bash\(rc\)\?' .bashrc
    
    
    grep -E 'bash(rc)?' .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgMjkwJz48L3N2Zz4='
width='800' height='290' alt='grep regex grouping terminal output' /><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='290' alt='grep regex grouping terminal output' />

The output highlights all instances of **`bashrc`**. Since **`rc`** is
optional, the command also matches the word **`bash`**.

### Special Backslash Expressions

The grep command offers a few unique backslash expressions for advanced word
boundary matching. Below is a table with short examples for each expression
type.

Syntax| Example| Matches  
(Bold text represents matches)  
---|---|---  
 **`\b`**|  '\band\b'|  **and**  
" **and** "  
\ **and** \  
<space> **and**  
<tab> **and**  
 **`\B`**|  '\Band'| _ **and**  
_ **and** _  
s **and**  
h **and** y  
 **`\<`**| '\<and'|  **and**  
" **and** "  
 **and** y  
 **and** _  
 **< space>and**  
 **< tab>and**  
 **`\>`**| 'and\>'|  **and**  
 **"and"**  
s **and**  
_ **and**  
<space> **and**  
<tab> **and**  
 **`\w`**|  '\wand'|  **_and**  
 **_and** _  
 **hand** y  
 **sand**  
 **`\W`**|  '\Wand'|  **"and** "  
 **/and** /  
 **`\s`**|  '\sand'|  **< space>and  
<tab>and**  
 **`\S`**|  '\Sand'|  **_and**  
 **"and** "  
 **sand**  
 **hand** y  
 **_and** _  
 **/and** /  
  
For example, use **`\b`** boundaries to locate a word that is not a part of
another word:

    
    
    grep '\bse[et]\b' .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgMjQwJz48L3N2Zz4='
width='800' height='240' alt='grep boundaries special backslash terminal
output' /><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='240' alt='grep boundaries special backslash terminal
output' />

The expression locates words **`see`** and **`set`**. The boundary ensures
word isolation.

### Escaping Meta-Characters

Escaping meta-characters treats special characters as literals. For example,
to search for a period (.) at the end of a line, escape the meta-character:

    
    
    grep '\.$' .bashrc

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCA4MDAgMjEwJz48L3N2Zz4='
width='800' height='210' alt='grep special character matching terminal output'
/><img
src='data:image/png;base64,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'
width='800' height='210' alt='grep special character matching terminal output'
/>

Not allowing character interpretation helps when searching through source code
or configuration files.

Conclusion

After working through the examples in this tutorial, you've mastered grep
regex statements. Searching through files and directories with grep regex
helps refine the search output to your specific use case.

Combine the basic rules and principles to yield complex expressions.

Was this article helpful?

YesNo

[ Share on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Grep%20Regex%3A%20A%20Complete%20Guide&url=https%3A%2F%2Fphoenixnap.com%2Fkb%2Fgrep-
regex)[ Share on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fphoenixnap.com%2Fkb%2Fgrep-
regex)[ Share on
LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=1&url=https%3A%2F%2Fphoenixnap.com%2Fkb%2Fgrep-
regex&title=Grep%20Regex%3A%20A%20Complete%20Guide&source=https%3A%2F%2Fphoenixnap.com%2Fkb&summary=The%20core%20of%20the%20grep%20command%20%28Global%20Regular%20Expressions%20Print%29%20is%20regular%20expressions.%20Master%20grep%20regex%20through%20the%20hands-
on%20examples%20in%20this%20guide.%20)[ Share on
Email](https://phoenixnap.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-
protection#d0efb2bfb4a9ed99f5e2e0a2b5b1b4f5e2e0a4b8b9a3f5e2e0a0bfa3a4f5e2e0b1beb4f5e2e0a7b1bea4b5b4f5e2e0a4bff5e2e0a3b8b1a2b5f5e2e0b9a4f5e2e0a7b9a4b8f5e2e0a9bfa5fef5e2e098b5a2b5f5e2e7a3f5e2e0a4b8b5f5e2e0bcb9bebbf5e391f5e2e0b8a4a4a0a3f5e391f5e296f5e296a0b8bfb5beb9a8beb1a0feb3bfbdf5e296bbb2f5e296b7a2b5a0fda2b5b7b5a8f6f3e0e3e8eba3a5b2bab5b3a4ed91f5e2e0a0bfa3a4f5e2e0a7bfa2a4b8f5e2e0a3b8b1a2b9beb7f5e391f5e2e097a2b5a0f5e2e082b5b7b5a8f5e391f5e2e091f5e2e093bfbda0bcb5a4b5f5e2e097a5b9b4b5)

<img
src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCAwIDAnPjwvc3ZnPg=='
/><img
src='data:image/jpeg;base64,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'
/>

Milica Dancuk

Milica Dancuk is a technical writer at phoenixNAP who is passionate about
programming. Her background in Electrical Engineering and Computing combined
with her teaching experience give her the ability to easily explain complex
technical concepts through her content.

Next you should read

[SysAdmin](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/category/sysadmin)

[How To Use grep Command In Linux/UNIX](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/grep-
command-linux-unix-examples)

March 28, 2019

* * *

This guide details the most useful grep commands for Linux / Unix systems.
After going through all the commands and examples, you...

[Read more](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/grep-command-linux-unix-examples)

[SysAdmin](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/category/sysadmin) [Web
Servers](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/category/web-servers)

[How to Grep for Multiple Strings, Patterns or
Words](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/grep-multiple-strings)

May 5, 2020

* * *

This tutorial lists multiple examples on how you can use the grep tool to
search for multiple...

[Read more](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/grep-multiple-strings)

[SysAdmin](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/category/sysadmin) [Web
Servers](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/category/web-servers)

[Linux Commands Cheat Sheet: With Examples](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/linux-
commands-cheat-sheet)

February 21, 2020

* * *

A list of all the important Linux commands in one place. Find the command
you...

[Read more](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/linux-commands-cheat-sheet)

[Resource](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/category/resource)
[SysAdmin](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/category/sysadmin)

[How to Find Files in Linux With the Find
Command](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/guide-linux-find-command)

December 19, 2018

* * *

The find command is a useful command-line tool in Linux. It allows you to use
the terminal to search for a specific string of characters in...

[Read more](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/guide-linux-find-command)

* * * * * <img src='data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0naHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmcnIHZpZXdCb3g9JzAgMCAxNjAgNjAwJz48L3N2Zz4=' width='160' height='600' />[<img src='data:image/jpeg;base64,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' width='160' height='600' />](https://phoenixnap.com/servers/flexservers?utm_source=banner-internal&utm_medium=banner&utm_campaign=flexservers-saas2021)

* * * * * * * * * * * * RECENT POSTS

*   * [Kubernetes CronJob Guide](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/kubernetes-cronjob "Permalink to Kubernetes CronJob Guide")
  * [How to Create Kubernetes Namespace](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/kubernetes-create-namespace "Permalink to How to Create Kubernetes Namespace")
  * [How to Run Kubernetes Jobs](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/kubernetes-job "Permalink to How to Run Kubernetes Jobs")
  * [How to Run Kubernetes on Windows](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/kubernetes-on-windows "Permalink to How to Run Kubernetes on Windows")
  * [How to Run Kubernetes with Calico](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/calico-kubernetes "Permalink to How to Run Kubernetes with Calico")

* CATEGORIES

*   * [SysAdmin](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/category/sysadmin)
  * [Virtualization](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/category/virtualization)
  * [DevOps and Development](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/category/devops-and-development)
  * [Security](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/category/security)
  * [Backup and Recovery](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/category/backup-and-recovery)
  * [Bare Metal Servers](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/category/bare-metal-servers)
  * [Web Servers](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/category/web-servers)
  * [Networking](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/category/networking)
  * [Databases](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/category/databases)

* [COLOCATION](https://phoenixnap.com/colocation)

*   * [Phoenix](https://phoenixnap.com/colocation/phoenix)
  * [Ashburn](https://phoenixnap.com/colocation/ashburn)
  * [Amsterdam](https://phoenixnap.com/colocation/amsterdam)
  * [Atlanta](https://phoenixnap.com/colocation/atlanta)
  * [Belgrade](https://phoenixnap.com/colocation/belgrade)
  * [Singapore](https://phoenixnap.com/colocation/singapore)

* [PROMOTIONS](https://phoenixnap.com/promotions)

* [SERVERS](https://phoenixnap.com/servers/dedicated)

*   * [Dedicated Servers](https://phoenixnap.com/servers/dedicated)
  * [Database Servers](https://phoenixnap.com/servers/database)
  * [Virtualization Servers](https://phoenixnap.com/servers/virtualization)
  * [High Performance Computing (HPC) Servers](https://phoenixnap.com/servers/high-performance-computing-hpc)
  * [Dedicated Streaming Servers](https://phoenixnap.com/servers/streaming)
  * [Dedicated Game Servers](https://phoenixnap.com/servers/dedicated-game-servers)
  * [Dedicated Storage Servers](https://phoenixnap.com/servers/storage)
  * [SQL Server Hosting](https://phoenixnap.com/servers/sql-server-hosting)
  * [Dedicated Servers in Amsterdam](https://phoenixnap.com/dedicated-servers-amsterdam-netherlands)
  * [Cloud Servers in Europe](https://phoenixnap.com/cloud-services/cloud-servers-europe)
  * [Big Memory Infrastructure](https://phoenixnap.com/bare-metal-cloud/big-memory-infrastructure)

* [BUY NOW](https://admin.phoenixnap.com/wap-pncpadmin-shell/orderForm?bmbPath=/order-form?currencyCode=usd)

* CLOUD SERVICES 

*   * [Data Security Cloud](https://phoenixnap.com/security/data-security-cloud)
  * [VPDC](https://phoenixnap.com/cloud-services/virtual-private-data-center)
  * [Managed Private Cloud](https://phoenixnap.com/private)
  * [Object Storage](https://phoenixnap.com/object-storage)

* [SERVERS](https://phoenixnap.com/infrastructure-solutions)

*   * [Disaster Recovery](https://phoenixnap.com/infrastructure-solutions/disaster-recovery-services)
  * [Web Hosting Reseller](https://phoenixnap.com/reseller-hosting)
  * [SaaS Hosting](https://phoenixnap.com/infrastructure-solutions/saas-hosting)

* INDUSTRIES

*   * [Web Hosting Providers](https://phoenixnap.com/reseller-hosting)
  * [Legal](https://phoenixnap.com/infrastructure-solutions/legal-it)
  * [MSPs & VARs](https://phoenixnap.com/infrastructure-solutions/it-partners)
  * [Media Hosting](https://phoenixnap.com/infrastructure-solutions/media-hosting)
  * [Online Gaming](https://phoenixnap.com/infrastructure-solutions/online-gaming)
  * [SaaS Hosting Solutions](https://phoenixnap.com/infrastructure-solutions/saas-hosting)
  * [Ecommerce Hosting Solutions](https://phoenixnap.com/infrastructure-solutions/ecommerce-hosting)

* COMPLIANCE

*   * [HIPAA Ready Hosting](https://phoenixnap.com/compliance/hipaa-compliant-hosting)
  * [PCI Compliant Hosting](https://phoenixnap.com/compliance/pci-compliant-hosting)

* NEEDS

*   * [Disaster Recovery Solutions](https://phoenixnap.com/infrastructure-solutions/disaster-recovery-services)
  * [High Availability Solutions](https://phoenixnap.com/infrastructure-solutions/high-availability-solutions)
  * [Cloud Evaluation](https://phoenixnap.com/offers/cloud-evaluation-demo)

* COMPANY

*   * [About Us](https://phoenixnap.com/company/about-us)
  * [GitHub](https://github.com/phoenixnap)
  * [Blog](https://phoenixnap.com/blog)
  * [RFP Template](https://phoenixnap.com/company/it-resources/data-center-rfp-template)
  * [Careers](http://employment.ccbill.com/)

* CONNECT

*   * [Events](https://phoenixnap.com/company/it-events)
  * [Press](https://phoenixnap.com/company/press)
  * [Contact Us](https://phoenixnap.com/contact-us)

  * [PhoenixNAP Home](https://phoenixnap.com/)
  * [Blog](https://phoenixnap.com/blog)
  * [Resources](https://phoenixnap.com/company/it-resources)
  * [Glossary](https://phoenixnap.com/glossary)
  * [GitHub](https://github.com/phoenixnap)
  * [RFP Template](https://phoenixnap.com/company/it-resources/data-center-rfp-template)

  * __[ Live Chat](https://phoenixnap.com/)
  * __[ Get a Quote](https://phoenixnap.com/contact-us)
  * __  Support | [1-855-330-1509](tel:1-855-330-1509)
  * __  Sales | [1-877-588-5918](tel:1-877-588-5918)

[](https://www.facebook.com/phoenixnap)[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/phoenix-
nap/)[](https://twitter.com/phoenixNAP)[](https://www.instagram.com/phoenixnap/)[](https://www.youtube.com/user/PhoenixNAPdatacenter)

  * [Contact Us](https://phoenixnap.com/contact-us)
  * [Legal](https://phoenixnap.com/cs/legal/)
  * [Privacy Policy](https://phoenixnap.com/infrastructure-solutions/legal-it/privacy-shield-compliant-privacy-policy)
  * [Terms of Use](https://phoenixnap.com/cs/legal/aup.html)
  * [DMCA](https://phoenixnap.com/cs/legal/dmca.html)
  * [GDPR](https://phoenixnap.com/gdpr)
  * [Sitemap](https://phoenixnap.com/sitemap)

  * [Contact Us](https://phoenixnap.com/contact-us)
  * [Legal](https://phoenixnap.com/cs/legal/)
  * [Privacy Policy](https://phoenixnap.com/infrastructure-solutions/legal-it/privacy-shield-compliant-privacy-policy)
  * [Terms of Use](https://phoenixnap.com/cs/legal/aup.html)
  * [DMCA](https://phoenixnap.com/cs/legal/dmca.html)
  * [GDPR](https://phoenixnap.com/gdpr)
  * [Sitemap](https://phoenixnap.com/sitemap)

© 2022 Copyright phoenixNAP | Global IT Services. All Rights Reserved.  

Live Chat ↗

twitterfacebooklinkedinchevron-circle-upyoutube-playinstagram

